Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, childhood game store Toys R Us filed for bankruptcy proceedings, and in its wake, our next retail savior will be KB Toys?
Apparently, retail toy stores are still viable, so stay tuned for this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight, March 18th, 2017 with episode number 723 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you here to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle with my pals, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Sup?
Hi, welcome back.
Hi.
And thank you, by the way. DarkSakura actually did the very brave task of setting foot in a Walmart to help me expand my collection I have growing over here.
I say over here like it's a video show, but I have a growing collection over here of classic video games and drag queens.
And I say that because I have stacked side by side some arcade minis. I guess there's this, I think that's what they're actually called, arcade minis.
Arcade classics.
Yeah, arcade classics. And they're like, I have Joust, Rampage, Centipede, Frogger. So you actually found these at a Walmart and texted me.
Apparently you're missing quite a few because they are numbered.
They are numbered, but some of them are not as good. Here's the thing, 1 and 2 were like a different screen and they're terrible.
Number 5 is a redo of Pac-Man, which was number 1, I think, that uses the nicer screen. So I think that's the one I'm actually missing.
I don't know that the Pac-Man has the nicer screen though. I think it's still not the LCD.
Yeah.
Because these are all LCD screens.
Yeah. And then Asteroids is also missing, but Asteroids also has a crappy screen.
It does.
So these are just the good machines.
And we started off that Dan had gone to a bunch of different Walmarts to look for them and I stopped by the one that just happens to be on the way home.
And they had everything. So I got them before the show.
Yeah.
I came here, you wanted them, so I went back and got some.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
But this time, we talked about that on the last show that I was here, and I was like, I wonder if that same one that no one goes to has it.
So I said, hey, if I find them, do you want them? And you're like, yes. And we already had one of the ones, so I only bought the two that we were missing.
And then I bought you the three that you didn't have. So.
Yeah. So I may, if I can find them online or something for a reasonable price. I ain't paying scalpel prices.
I may get the Pac-Man and the Asteroids just to be a completionist.
If you just go to the Folsom one, they have them all sitting there. No one buys them there.
The first two are crap. I actually know somebody who has the Pac-Man, the original number one.
It looks like a Game & Watch game.
Yeah.
The screen's completely different. So they're not very good. But ever since they switched these color LCDs, they look really nice.
Oh, and by the way, you might wonder why I said classic games and drag queens, because on top of the boxes for the classic games, I have the Funko for RuPaul, Alaska, Thunderfun, and Trixie Mattel.
Which are so far the only drag queen Funkos that I know of until they inevitably release a Bianca Del Rio one, I'm sure.
An Itakatia and a Bendelacrum.
And I hope a Peppermint, because I just love Peppermint.
And a Shangela. I love Shangela.
Oh, no, wait till we get to the FUs of the week later this year.
Yeah.
All right, anyway, so welcome back to our soccer. We missed you last week.
Thank you.
And of course, you've already been hearing Techmaster Loki joining us, as he always does.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
I'm fine.
Yeah, how's that?
I wish I hadn't eaten that pizza, though.
Oh, well, yeah, you brought like a $5 pizza to the show, right?
Yeah, you can taste the $5.
Yeah, I was like, you get what you pay for.
You get what you pay for.
I needed something to eat, because if I got like, you know, one of my low calorie things, I haven't eaten much today at all.
So I was like behind by like 1,500 calories. Yeah, I went through that 1,500 calories really fast.
Anyway, I want to say hi to our chatters over at live.vognetwork.com, because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network.
vognetwork.com, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
And I do want to acknowledge, because there's a lot of people in chat complaining about the constant drops.
Unfortunately, this was happening during the Bobby Blackwell show as well, so this is not something we can control on our end.
This is something that's happening with our hosting end.
And I don't know about you guys, I'm getting a little sick of this, and I know Bobby is too.
And all I can say for right now is we do have a plan that we are going to be changing this up.
We're not going to be sticking with this provider long term, because this has been going on.
We've just been having these weird problems way too long.
So I can't say anything else about that right now, but I just will say I'm acknowledging that frustration.
We have to continue to push forward for the sake of the recording, because we have a lot of people that listen to this on the podcast feed.
So it would sound really terrible if I kept stopping every five seconds.
Oh, it's stream dropped. Oh, it's stream dropped.
So we are going to push through.
But I do genuinely feel bad, because I know you guys take time out of your schedule to be here on Sunday night.
Although some of you multitask, you game, and you listen to the show, so I do really appreciate that.
But yeah, we're not going to be here live for the next two weeks.
So it really sucks that like our last week before we're on a two week break, this bullshit's going on.
So it's really frustrating. Sorry guys.
But yeah, as I've mentioned for a little while now, I will not be here next week.
There's not going to be a live show or a podcast next week, because I'm going to be gone for too many days.
I'm going to a wedding, so I will be gone for a little while.
And I think you all know who it is at this point.
So that is what's happening next week.
And then in two weeks, because April 1st happens to be the same day as Easter, there's not going to be a live show that day,
because my co-hosts both have family commitments that day, and that is no fun.
Family?
Oh well.
I'm doing drag queen stuff.
Family.
I'm going to see my sisters.
To quote RuPaul, we as gay people, and that's the whole quilt bag, get to choose our families.
You find your tribe.
That's right.
But no, for anyone who's in the area, I will be going to the Sisters in the Park for the Easter and the Hunky Jesus,
and what's the other one, the Magnificent Mary or something.
But yeah, it's not at Dolores Park this year though, but I'll be there.
So come find me. I'll be the short one.
Okay, cool.
Because I'm short.
So yeah, and that is no joke.
With real boobs.
But we are going to try.
So the good news is, since that's just a day long thing, we are going to try to pre-record something in advance for that.
So that way, at least the podcast won't go two weeks with no show, because I hate going that long without a show.
You all know that.
So anyway, I guess some people that are listening live are actually able to reconnect again.
So because of the drops, they missed the whole apology of me going out of my way to say,
I'm sorry, the live stream keeps dropping.
It's nothing we can do.
It's our service provider, and we will be leaving that service provider this year.
I can't say anything more at this point, but things and stuff.
Alright, let's move on though.
We're going to talk about our kickoff topic tonight.
I'm going to throw it over to you, Loki.
What's going on in our kickoff topic tonight?
Okay, well we can talk about cross-play.
And we're talking about not necessarily dressing up like the opposite gendered character.
Although that's fun too.
That's also fun.
No, but we're talking about the whole drama with Sony and Microsoft playing nice so that you can be able to play games across platforms.
Much like you can do with Nintendo and stuff like that and PC.
So Microsoft, they're interested, of course, in getting Fortnite to play well with the PlayStation 4 as well.
And of course, Epic Games, the company that makes it as well, is also interested in that.
So basically, one of the fans of Fortnite tweeted, saying,
I wanted to ask, can Xbox One and PlayStation 4 players play together in Fortnite?
We really want cross-play system between Xbox One and PlayStation 4.
And Phil Spencer of Microsoft replied saying, yeah, me too.
And the Fortnite account said, yeah, we three.
And Sony said nothing.
Because they've been reluctant to do cross-play.
As long as they've been in the lead, they don't have to.
Or they feel they don't have to.
Right.
So basically, kind of stating what's already known,
we've worked closely before with Nintendo to allow cross-play network on the Xbox One and the Switch.
And offered to do the same for PlayStation 4 players, still holds.
But right now, it's kind of in Sony's court.
And let's be clear, cross-play is not a technical issue.
Cross-play has existed between Sony and Microsoft and PC ever since Final Fantasy XI.
It's literally flipping a Switch.
In fact, it was enabled accidentally for it, wasn't it?
You're right, it was enabled accidentally for something that was Switch.
Was it Fortnite?
It was Rocket League, wasn't it?
Rocket League, okay.
I think it was Rocket League had it accidentally for a little bit.
So I think, don't quote me on that.
But yeah, this is not a technical issue whatsoever.
Because again, Final Fantasy XI, Microsoft was desperate to get Square Enix on their platform
when they were releasing the Xbox 360.
So they took on Final Fantasy XI because Square wanted more subscribers, right?
So Sony already had Final Fantasy XI up and running on the PlayStation 2,
which had already been cross-played with the PC people, which was a big deal.
In fact, probably more people were playing Final Fantasy XI on PC in the US,
although Japan had a huge install base on the PS2 in Japan.
And then the Xbox 360 came out.
I don't think Final Fantasy XI ever really caught fire there,
but there were certainly people that were playing it there.
Just like, there were people playing it on PS2 in the US,
but most people were kind of here or there.
Obviously, that is no longer because they decided to close the PS2 and the 360 versions.
Final Fantasy XI only exists on PC now.
But anyway, so long story short, again, these games are able to be cross-played
if they want to do it with minimal difficulty.
I mean, I'm sure the programming has to be changed around to be able to talk to PlayStation.
From what I hear, it's just, it's basically flipping a switch.
Yeah, it's not hard. It's not hard.
So, let me ask this. How important is it for people to be able to play together?
Like, is there a good reason why maybe there shouldn't be cross-play in a game?
I think it would just help with keeping the game's numbers up and everything,
so you don't have the fragmentation between platforms.
Especially with something like, say, you're playing Overwatch.
It's like, okay, well, which system do I get it for?
Because I have friends that are playing on Xbox.
I have friends that are playing on PlayStation.
I have friends that are playing on PC.
I guess I buy it three times, but then your progression isn't really carried between them.
So, it would just be nice to be able to have that simpler.
But companies aren't necessarily interested.
That's something I'm going through personally, too, with Overwatch,
because I do play a lot of Overwatch, and it does suck,
because I have to have a PlayStation 4 version and a PC version
so I can play with my friend groups on both systems.
Now, there's still other people I know that play on Xbox One,
and it's like I just really don't get to play with them until the free weekend.
Usually when Overwatch does a free weekend, then I'll go to Xbox One for that weekend.
I understand. They're thinking, well, if we give them ground on this,
then people don't need to buy a PlayStation 4,
because they can just buy an Xbox or whatever and play there.
But my thing is, well, then, that same can be said for the Xbox One.
Oh, I don't need to buy an Xbox One, because I can have a PlayStation 4 and do that.
So it really comes down to what else is driving people to your platform.
And if you feel like your platform isn't worthy enough to garner those sales,
even though you're allowing this for certain games.
I mean, it's not going to be a ton of games. It's just a few games.
That seems a little petty, that you're just like, oh, well,
we're not very confident in our platform, so we're going to hold this.
Or the most transparent excuses I've heard are the ones about
they can't control the users on the other people's platform type of thing.
You remember that excuse?
You can't control the users on your own platform. What are you talking about?
Yeah, that is the most transparent excuse.
I think control and users are two words that don't go great together.
Yeah, like none of the platforms, none of them,
have been able to successfully control their user base.
There are toxic people on all of those platforms.
That excuse is bullshit, and we all see right through it, so drop it.
What we need to do is we need to have Steven Spielberg come in
and tell them to play nice, because that's how they got so many of the pop culture stuff.
They got fucking Star Wars shit in there, playing with fucking Warner Brothers
and Universal and all this shit together.
Because everybody wants a piece of Steven Spielberg.
Exactly. So Steven Spielberg has to say, hey, guys need to do some cross play here.
And they'd be like, okay, fine.
Maybe Steven Spielberg needs to offer to direct an Overwatch movie, but on one condition.
Well, here's the thing with Overwatch. Here's the other thing.
This is probably in the whole cross play disabling and the whole type of argument.
This is one of the few like, okay, that might be a good reason to disable cross play.
Is that with Overwatch, one of the reasons why Blizzard has said they do not have cross play
between PC and PlayStation 4 and Xbox One is because PC has keyboard and mouse,
and the consoles have the controllers.
Now, there's a part of me that thinks they ought to just allow keyboard and mouse support on the consoles.
They could. It's just USB.
They could, but they would not.
But, well, Blizzard, I mean, I understand the keyboard and mouse are optional,
and so they're going to cost more money and so forth.
Blizzard really seems to think that keyboard and mouse is going to have a huge advantage
over people playing on console.
I bet some console people would beg to differ, but that is the line they're sticking to.
Well, that's fine, and it's split up between controller and keyboard and mouse.
Did you know some things are balanced differently because Blizzard believes so strongly in this?
Like the turrets that Symmetra and Torbjorn use, they are actually weaker on a,
I think on the PC they're weaker versus the consoles because the thought is you can aim better on the PCs
because it's mouse and keyboard than you can on the consoles.
So the auto aim assists too much.
Maybe it's the other way around. I don't remember what it is, but I know they're balanced differently
because they feel that the aiming is stronger on PC,
and so they don't want the turrets and all that doing all the work for you, basically.
Because, especially when the game first came out,
Torbjorn felt really overpowered because his turret would murder everybody
if you didn't know how to kill it, basically.
So.
Anyway.
So, any other reasons you guys can think of why maybe a console or a game maker should
consider keeping crossplay separate between the two platforms?
No.
Not really, not logically.
I just think that they're just going to hold off on it until their system isn't doing as well.
And that's unfortunate.
And honestly though, after seeing how this generation has kind of played out with
some of the backwards compatibility and mod support and stuff like that,
yeah, if I had to do it again, I'd probably just pick up an Xbox One.
Because it is disappointing to see that, oh, we're not willing to play ball with a ton of things.
And I think what it is, is they were worried so much about that hack back then
that they were just like, oh, we can't open ourselves up to anything.
Whether it be potential for hacks through mods,
or the potential for some sort of drama with
people being unregulated on chat or something like that.
I don't know what the case is, but they're making a lot of excuses and not doing anything.
And also backwards compatibility. Come on, where the fuck is that shit?
You know what's really fascinating to me?
You know where I never hear of cross-platform multiplayer being an issue?
Is in the cell phone universe.
Can you imagine if iPhone and Android went to that type of battle
where the separate platforms had to be on separate services or whatever?
Can you imagine iPhone Ingress and Android Ingress being completely separate games and separate universes?
That would be really interesting, actually.
But can you imagine them being separate universes?
Or Pokemon Go, to use a much bigger game that so many people have been playing.
Can you imagine if those games were not...
If you wanted to do a raid, you could only raid with other iPhone people.
Or if you're Android, you could only raid with other...
Can you imagine?
That's just one of those things. It's just not even an issue in the cell phone universe.
That's how we'll split the teams. iPhone versus Android.
But is that also because in the cell phone universe, usually those companies are the ones running the server.
Whereas in the console world, you have PlayStation Network, you have Nintendo's network, you have Xbox Live.
There is a type of infrastructure that the console manufacturers are running.
Isn't it amazing that those servers are able to run those and not charge a thing for them?
It's so weird. It's like a global server that millions of people use and it doesn't cost them...
It doesn't cost the users money.
It's so weird that that only exists on consoles and not the PC or mobile space.
I'm telling you, the big move, the big put-it-out-on-the-table move is gonna be...
And I've been saying this for years. I think Microsoft, one of these days, is gonna bend.
They're gonna drop the fee for Xbox Live for multiplayer.
And I think that's gonna be their big power move over Sony.
In fact, you know what? I'm gonna be real bold. That's my E3 prediction this year.
No, they're not. Because these companies are getting greedier every possible way.
They're not gonna drop off money.
Microsoft can afford to make a power play.
They're gonna add another service.
You know why? Because of a story that's coming up later in the show.
That's gonna be the new Xbox Live.
They're gonna add another service that they're gonna charge more money for on top of that.
I'm sorry. It's not gonna happen.
I don't think I agree. I don't think I agree.
I'm sticking with that. I think Microsoft...
If they really want to make people's heads turn and start something in this war,
Microsoft's gonna drop the fee for multiplayer.
They can still keep Xbox Live for their discounts and their free games
and all that other stuff that they do with Xbox Gold.
But I think, as far as multiplayer goes,
Microsoft would be doing something really stinking bold
if they said,
A, cross-play between Windows and Microsoft will never be an issue,
and B, it's free.
Can you imagine the fan reaction?
Multiplayer is the way it should be. Free.
It would be very positive.
It would just be another feather in their cap, I guess.
And more power to them.
Because honestly, they seem to be listening to the fans more than Sony has.
But Sony, I mean, Sony has that power position of
they've got the exclusives, they've got the library, they've got...
Yeah, but you know what? The more and more I look at some of their exclusives,
I was all gung-ho about fucking some of their games that are coming out,
and it's just like,
Ehh, they weren't that great when they came out.
Even Shadow of the Colossus and stuff,
I don't really necessarily need something like that.
I don't play the Uncharted series, I can't give a shit about that.
I think Sony just has to be cautious with that.
I mean, right now we're seeing them be a little bold.
And if they want to do some dick moves with things like Fortnite and stuff
where they're kind of in control,
that's business, sometimes it sucks for us, that's just the way it goes.
You can't go to Burger King and order a McWhopper,
or a Mc...
Here's the thing.
A Mc... whatever, Big Double.
Can you tell how often I eat fast food?
Console games and console rules are,
most games really anyway,
are kind of unregulated for business practice.
So when you have an unregulated company,
they will do whatever they can do to make that bottom line.
To make the dollar.
Or the yen or whatever, the Krugerrand.
But at the end, I mean, it is an unregulated ecosystem.
They can charge whatever they want to.
For what they charge, they've got certain regulations on it.
But they can do whatever they want to within that ecosystem.
If they want to make it cross-platform, they can do that.
If they want to charge you X amount of dollars to use their service
so that you can then play what would otherwise be a free multiplayer,
right now, there's nothing to stop them.
And consumers will keep paying them because they want to do this.
Well, but that also, if Sony gets over-confident,
that's going to do them in.
And I'm just going to point to,
if you want to see the biggest example of an industry being over...
or a company being over-confident, not listening to their fans,
and it ultimately backfired on them,
go back to Microsoft's original unveiling of the Xbox One,
where Microsoft basically said,
we're going to change the way that you play video games at home.
And the response of the user base was, the fuck you are.
And that was that. Remember, guys?
Remember how the disks were going to be only on your console?
And actually, it's funny, now all these years later
that we're hearing more about how that was really going to work,
I think you hear more people interested in that.
And as more and more people are going towards a completely digital library,
I almost feel like maybe Microsoft was just two years too early
in a lot of their ideas.
I don't know, it's really difficult to say.
But at that time, Microsoft wanted to take the wheel
and flip it in another direction,
and the consumers ultimately spoke up and said,
fuck a whole lot of you.
What do you offer?
And then Sony was able to come out at E3 and basically say,
so, we've heard what you said.
You don't want this, you don't want this.
So guess what?
Here's how you share a game with a friend.
Hand the disk over.
What? $499 is too much because you don't want to connect?
Okay, $399.
And the entire internet has a collective orgasm over Sony
that Sony can even slip in.
By the way, we're going to start charging for multiplayer.
We didn't do that before.
And nobody fucking batted an eye.
Now here's the one catch.
Had this been something for the NES or the GameCube even,
you know, I'd say in the game consoles
that were pre the advent of social media,
and it was that they were always locked that way.
No one would have had a problem with it
because that's the way it's always been done.
And people get, though, caught up.
They don't see where, you know,
yeah, maybe it was something that would have been better
for, you know, those companies,
but any time any type of change is introduced, though,
that is an obvious change like that
to the status quo that people are going to resist.
You know, we have those people at work, right?
And you've shown them how to do something a new, better way.
But the old way works.
The old way is inefficient.
Remember what I do for a living, and yes, I know this very well.
I know.
But, like, you know,
oh, we've already done it this way. It works.
Yeah, and the old way will take you ten times as long
and cut your efficiency, you know,
but people want to do it the old way.
The same thing goes a lot with gamers.
We have created an automation tool that will do the work for you,
but this works.
I don't want to use Excel. It's scary.
That's what happens.
Anyway, I want to go to a comment from chat
over at live.vognetwork.com.
Kaijuto says, Sony won't get overconfident.
They've been in the game business, the PlayStation 1.
They know what they're doing.
Kaijuto, my friend, you're forgetting something.
It's been a long time since the PS1.
I got three words for you.
Giant enemy crabs.
Sony's been there, too.
How soon they forget.
How soon we all forget.
I think we've pointed this out before, too,
is that there's been this interesting kind of ping-pong that's gone
where, you know, the last generation with the 360 and the PS3,
Microsoft really dominated that conversation
because the PlayStation 3 was simply too expensive
and it really kind of stumbled out the gate.
You know, Sony, I think, eventually caught up
when they started putting out more stuff like LittleBigPlanet
and they, you know, they made some moves to really get
where they needed to be with the PlayStation 3,
which helped them with launching the PlayStation 4.
So, I mean, to the comment's credit and to Sony's credit,
they knew they were flopping and they corrected course really fast.
And Microsoft, to be fair to them,
they've really, really worked hard to correct course
ever since that original Xbox One unveil.
You know, they flipped out the guy in charge.
That was a big move right there.
That was something Sony never really did.
But anyway, let's see.
Going to our chat over at live.vognet.com,
Azet says, oh, fuck, I'm surrounded by those people
talking about our conversation at work there.
And Kaijuto says, what, Krabs?
I have no idea what that is. Like, for real.
You may have, you may have, I don't know, maybe you,
I sometimes forget that like 2006 was like over 10 years ago.
So, and some of our listeners are in their lower 20s.
So they may actually forget this stuff.
But yeah, when Microsoft or when Sony originally-
Just go watch the 2006 E3 press conference.
Nutshell. Game about feudal Japan with giant enemy Krabs.
Yeah. And they went in this whole spiel about the historical accuracy
and all of a sudden they're fighting a giant enemy Krab.
It was just, and it wasn't, it wasn't just that,
but like it, that kind of just put a whole thing on like how out of touch the message was.
And you know what? Nintendo has had floppy threes too.
So no company is immune from, you know, trying to-
How about the Wii Vitality sensor? Anybody? Anybody?
Vapor. Anybody? Yeah.
Vapor. What about Wii Music?
Yeah. Anybody? So, I mean-
Oh, Wii Music I would have been happy for though.
Well, Wii Music happened.
No, but I meant like-
I was going to say the fact that you may have not been aware.
No. It actually did come out.
No, I mean like the way that we thought it was gonna, you know?
Yeah. No, I got you. I got you.
Cause Bobby does back you up in chat there.
Wii Music came out and it sucked.
Yeah. So there it is. Anyway.
All right. I want to talk about one other thing before we get into our gaming weeks.
It's not officially on the show roll, but I know people are talking about this.
I saw a chat comment earlier talking about the new Tomb Raider movie.
And I know the reviews are kind of-
Well, I didn't see it. Loki didn't see it.
But- I saw it last night.
You saw it. So tell it. Give us in a nutshell your hot take on Tomb Raider the new movie.
I think that the beginning had a little bit too much exposition.
You know, with Lara's reasoning or whatever.
The actress that played Lara was really good. I liked her a lot.
She's an Oscar winning actress if I remember right.
I guess.
I think she is. She won for-
The Danish Girl? Was it called?
I don't remember. But anyway, it was a couple years ago.
You know, she-
She totally caught the essence of Lara Croft and the horrible, terrible, no good, very bad day.
You know, that was the Tomb Raider game that this was based off of.
Um, there were certain-
The action was pretty fun.
There were certain scenes in it that I thought were, yeah, this belongs in a game and not in a movie.
You know, like puzzle solving shit.
I'm almost positive they probably-
I haven't seen it, but in seeing some of the stills,
it looks like they ripped a waterfall sequence like right out of the game.
If I'm not mistaken.
With the giant plane?
Yes, there was a plane. Yep, in the game there was like a plane.
Yeah, so they probably ripped that.
It was pretty- I don't think it was exactly the same, but-
Well, sure.
Yeah.
But at least they tried to make that, I guess, as plausible as possible.
But yeah, there was the boat scene.
I mean, they pulled a bunch out of it.
And the other thing that for me, given just that I've tried to study as much, you know-
I love studying cultural mythology.
And the fact that they took a-
Someone who was supposedly a real empress in ancient Japan and made some bullshit story about her.
That actually there was no myth at all.
They just made it up.
Like that.
And that was the part that I couldn't suspend my disbelief over.
So you were more like, they should have just made up a fake empress or something?
The intellectual has no place in this movie.
They could have just used the childlike empress.
How do you feel about Pocahontas by Disney?
You know, I've never seen Pocahontas.
Really?
And I don't want to see it because, again-
Because of this reason.
She never married fucking John Smith.
She married some other white guy who took her to Europe and she died of pneumonia.
Hold up, hold up.
Disney's gonna make Pocahontas live action too?
Yes.
Is nothing sacred anymore?
Is Disney doing every single fucking 90s movie?
They've run out of ideas.
Jesus Christ.
Little Mermaid, are they doing that too?
No, but they have The Lion King and then they have Pocahontas.
I know they're doing The Lion King, but here's the thing.
Lion King has Beyonce.
So like, how can it be bad?
How can it be bad? Beyonce.
Is she playing Nala?
Oh yeah.
Cool, I'm down with that.
In the end, it's not a movie for people who fucking know history or have any kind of experience in anthropology or know how on-site digs work either.
There's just way too much that I really could not suspend my disbelief over.
There was a really cool shot right at the end. There's nothing after the credits. That's not a spoiler.
That's not a spoiler to say. Don't bother staying through the credits.
You have a credit start, then it shows you the scene, and then Nick Frost is in it though.
Oh, okay.
You know who Nick Frost is. For those who don't, in Shaun of the Dead, he was the lazy friend.
Yeah, the friend.
The gorilla. The monkey.
But anyway, the treat for me for that movie was seeing Nick Frost.
I mean, seriously, because he's funny and I adore him.
So at the end of the day, how many big boobies out of five since it is Tomb Raider after all?
Well, they weren't pointy.
Did you know, by the way, that some people are critical? This is just the internet. I don't know. Maybe I misread that it was the article from The Onion.
So take this from A Great Assault. But there are some people critical that the actress did not have big enough breasts to play Lara Croft.
And Dungeon Busters said it was a neat twist to the myth that they were pursuing, but while I like that angle to it, I still hated that they created a bullshit story to base the movie off of.
The whole story was bullshit.
So how many unrealistically big boobies out of five?
I'd give it a two.
Two boobies? Oh, perfect!
A nice, perfectly formed pair of adequate boobs.
Okay.
Thank you, Dart. Thank you for playing along on my silly joke.
You're welcome.
That's okay, because Lara Croft is also in Ready Player One.
You are not shutting up about that movie. Actually, when does that come out? That's like two weeks?
Next week.
It's a week from Thursday.
Okay, so by the next OLR, we'll get to have your take on Ready Player One. Hopefully we've all seen it.
Yes, I will have definitely seen it at least once.
At least once, hopefully. And I hear that one's getting good reviews.
Yes.
That's rare.
What if you see it and it's terra-bad?
It's not. There's no way that it can be terra-bad.
We'll see. Famous last words.
To quote the Princess Bride, life is pain, Highness.
They can just play that trailer, all the trailers, for just the whole two and a half hours.
Anyone who tells you differently is selling something.
Alright. Yeah, Tigerclaw points out it's got an 80% on Rotten Tomatoes.
There's a lot of movies that get good ratings on Rotten Tomatoes and they're hot garbage.
It's Spielberg.
There's some Spielberg movies I don't like. It's a decent litmus test though, I will say that.
For example, Lady Bird got like 99% and I love Lady Bird. You all know I love that movie.
So there's a lot of movies on there that get really good reviews that I do like.
But sometimes there's a bad movie that it's like, okay, but I like that movie because it was kind of bad.
I like the books. Well, I like Xanadu.
Like Adam Sandler movies from the early 90s, not the new stuff.
But like, you know, Billy Madison, Happy Gilmore, critics hated those fucking movies.
But like, they were funny. Exactly.
I didn't think they were funny. I don't know.
When I was a 12 year old boy, they were funny.
But then again, I mean, like I said, I like Xanadu.
Okay, yeah. And that movie is generally reviewed as terrible.
But it now has a Broadway show. So who's the winner now?
You know who else has a Broadway show? SpongeBob SquarePants.
I keep seeing ads on Facebook.
All right. Anyway.
So let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks.
So what types of video games have you been playing this week?
Dark Sakura.
We've been going back to Breath of the Wild because we're playing it again on Switch.
I actually didn't play any WoW this week.
But we're just Pokemon Go a little bit.
Actually, no, I wasn't even playing Pokemon Go.
Because I like to start my week on Sunday and I missed a day.
So I started my week over today.
I'm still playing Ragnarok, the idol pouring.
And I'm still playing Animal Crossing.
Which they've now brought in more animals.
And they had a fishing tourney going on.
So that's pretty fun.
Other than that, I've just been, because I've been so sick this week.
And we also finished watching Jessica Jones, which was amazing.
Oh, that's right. Season 2 just came out, right?
Yeah. And finally finished it after people spoiled it for me.
The same day that Drag Race was spoiled for me, too.
So I had two in the same day. Ugh, people. Killing me.
Right? I'm dead.
All right. Loki, how was your gaming week?
I didn't play a whole ton this week, but I did play some new stuff.
So I did end up getting Burnout Paradise Remastered.
So I played that for a bit.
It was kind of fun because I hadn't actually played a lot of the DLC stuff.
So I tried out some of the cars in there, and I went to the Paradise Island thing.
Just quickly, I also picked that up. I haven't played it yet.
I am going to play it for the first time as tonight's OLR post-show.
It was pretty good.
Or I should say the second time, because I did play it on 360, you know, years ago.
I don't remember. I played it a while ago.
And I'm still, like, the only thing I don't like about the game,
is actually just a minor gripe, is the controls.
Like, I don't remember how to do the...
Where you crash and you go into that whole Crash Breaker mode,
where you're, like, just causing a bunch of destruction.
And I couldn't remember what the commands were for that.
And there's no manual for the game.
And there's no customize your button layout for the game.
I'm like, what the fuck are the...
Am I going to have to go on the internet to figure out what the hell do I have to push for this shit?
And, like, as I push all the buttons, I'm like, oh, well, this thing's been working.
I'm like, it's been so long since I played this.
But, so, I've...
That's the only thing, my minor gripe for that.
But, and then, like...
Even this was a problem with the original game.
Like, the contrast in the colors.
It's all, like, kind of washed out looking.
And it's also really hard to see stuff, because it's so washed out.
And I just wish it was more vibrantly colored.
But I get that. I mean, I get that.
That was the style of the game. That's the way it looked. Whatever.
It's fine. But yeah, it's a great game.
I love it. So, probably definitely play more of it.
I'm excited to check it out.
Yeah. It's great having all the cars and stuff.
I was like, well, I'm not going to stick with this shitty starter car.
I'm going to pick one of these better cars.
And they're like, wait, this is way too fast.
I can't drive this car. It's too fast.
I guess play with the ones that have, like, alternate boost styles.
Like, there's one...
You push the boost down, it doesn't turn off.
Ever.
It just keeps going.
And so I was trying that.
And then I just immediately explode.
Aside from that, you know, the usual stuff.
Cell phone games.
Pokemon. Ingress.
Occasionally when I'm going to play starters.
Stuff to play that.
And...
You know, that's pretty much it.
Cool.
Just a quick update for our live listeners.
If you happen to be listening live, but not in the chat,
where you can see that Bobby Blackwell
has been consulting with our service provider
as the dropouts have been occurring.
And Bobby does have an update that apparently
there is planned maintenance at the data center
that runs the Shoutcast stream.
And there is intermittent downtime for the next hour
because of that. Funny, planned maintenance.
I don't recall getting an email on that, Bobby.
Did you get an email on that, Bobby?
Because I don't recall getting an email on that.
Anyway, that is what's going on.
So, unfortunately, apparently they thought
Sunday night, which... Isn't Sunday night
like prime time television?
Aren't all the big award shows on, like, Sunday night?
So Sunday night is like prime time.
Am I correct?
So there was planned maintenance planned on Sunday night.
Like at midnight or something.
This is like...
It's not that late.
So, anyway, as I said earlier, stay tuned
because VOG Network is going to be moving later this year.
Anyway.
My gaming week.
So some of the video games I've been playing this week.
So I've also been doing cell phone gaming.
Ingress and Pokemon Go I played a lot yesterday
because Ingress has been having this event called
Dark XM, where in a nutshell
you were really encouraged to go
flip portals that maybe really weren't
normally your team's portals.
So my buddy, Isette, who's listening out there
and I, we went out to
some areas that just, like, the portals never
like, they're so remote. We went to, like, remote areas.
Roseville.
No, not that. Because they fight for it there.
We went out to, like, Ione and Sutter Creek
and these areas where people don't really play.
And so we, uh, yeah, we
did some portal catching
in those areas. And then the whole time
I was running my Pokemon Go thing as well
and I caught a lot of Pokemon.
So, actually, one of the places we ended up at
we went to Jackson Rancheria because
you know, we met for coffee early on in the day
and then, you know, I gotta use the
restroom, so we thought, oh, the casino's a good place to do it
because we're right there. So we went to the casino
and, uh, you know, I went to go do my
business and Isette pretty quickly
lost $20 on the slot machine and I was
like, eh, you know, I'll put $20
in the slot machine. Why not? I'm gonna gamble a little bit.
I actually found a Pac-Man slot machine.
I did not know that there was a new,
and I know it's new because it uses a lot of the sound effects
from Championship Edition and all that, so
I actually found a Pac-Man slot machine
and I played that. And, like, for the longest time
it's one of those penny slots
but they're not really penny slots because
the minimum bet is, like, 60 cents.
Well, I kept playing and playing and it's like
you lose 60 cents, you lose 60
cents, you gained $1.20 and it's like
I wasn't moving, like, whatsoever.
And I was like, alright, whatever. And then I'm like
okay, it's gotta be bored and
you know, we want to get back on the road, we want to stay here all day.
So I was just like, you know what, fuck it, I'm gonna do
max bet. So I went boop and I bet
like three bucks max bet, spin the wheel,
ding ding ding, you win eight times
your bet. So I was like, sweet,
I'm up $14. Cash out,
we're done, let's go.
So for once in my life
I knew when to quit, so I quit.
Thank you Pac-Man for the $14, I appreciate
that. So
that was Saturday.
I will talk about a newer game I've been playing
because I'm still playing the old favorites.
Overwatch, Heroes of the Storm, POM SE 14.
Let's talk about a new game I've actually been playing
quite a bit of this week.
It's a game that just came out on PlayStation 4
here in the US, although I did
kind of play this once before because the
game had came out, I think in like Thailand
a few months ago, and Shane made me
play it a few months ago, but now I've really spent
some time with DJ Max Respect.
So I've been playing that on PlayStation 4.
It is right now
download only, I think it's gonna set you back
$49.99 as well.
It's a music game, it's very very
very very similar to Beatmania.
In fact it's one of those things where
I always sometimes wonder how
Konami doesn't sue them because it's the whole
falling notes on the line and I
thought Konami had the patent for that, but whatever.
I'm not gonna complain because if Konami
isn't gonna do shit with Beatmania, which they
they are in the arcades,
but when was the last time they put out a
console Beatmania game?
PlayStation 2 is how long
ago, anyway, you do the math.
So, I'm really happy to
have a game like that that I can play on
the PlayStation 4, and
unfortunately there's no special controller, you just have to
use the, well, I hear there's a third
party special controller, but I'm
not getting into any of that. So
you use your regular controller and you can
play in four button mode,
five button, six button, or eight button.
So in four button mode you're using
left and up, and
triangle and circle are the four buttons.
So you can play like that. If you add
five buttons then it's square
or right, six buttons is
square and right, and then
eight button adds L1 and R1 and it's
really hard. I did a little
bit of a stream with this where I had a lot of technical
difficulties, so thank you guys who stuck with me, so
I finally figured out how to broadcast
with no audio lag on the PlayStation 4,
that took me a little bit. But anyway,
I've
actually been playing more since that stream,
and those of you guys that were probably watching the stream
saw me flop hard on the first
song I played, I was really overwhelmed.
I've actually, I've noticed
myself making some improvements in the game,
and I've just been kind of playing all over the map, like I play
some four button, I play some six
buttons, some five button. The game really
rewards
a variety of different types of play styles
with the various unlocks. It's like
you have to play so many four button songs to
unlock this list, and you have to do so much of
this to unlock this list. So yeah,
I kind of like how the game has that all set up.
I would say the one
drawback, and some people are really gonna
disagree with me here, but this is my
opinion!
I don't think the music in DJ Max
is as strong as it is in Beatmania 2DX.
I just, but that's because
I prefer like the trance
type of stuff that
you know, the Japanese techno and all that
stuff that Beatmania is really heavy on.
I don't really see that same type
of stuff present in
DJ Max. There's some
of it though. I mean there are, to be fair,
there are a wide variety of songs
but there are a lot of songs in there
that I kind of find to be forgettable.
But there are some songs that are
really really good, and one thing I do like
about it is that, you know, it's
the respect is kind of
a weird setup because like when you look at the
title screen of the game, it's like
you see all these tombstones with like
portable one, portable two, and like
all the old DJ Max games that have
come out, and then it's like push X to
pay respect. And that's why it's
called DJ Max Respect. So it's all
the songs from the old games
are in this newer game. And there's
gonna be DLC coming out, like they're gonna do
Classic Y as DLC because that's already
out overseas, and I guess they're saying
it's supposed to be here within a month, and
that's gonna be awesome because I really do like the Classic Y
songs. Like if you've never heard Flee, that's
like the best song in all of DJ Max.
So I'm really excited to have that playable
and so, yeah, there are, you know, I know
some of the DLC songs will be strong and so
forth, but, you know,
there's not a lot of like commercial
or licensed stuff. All of it
is like in-house developed. But you may
see some familiar names, like
Sampling Masters, who I think had
a couple songs, 2DX, they have a couple songs in
DJ Max. So, you know,
it's not a completely unfamiliar list.
So, anyway.
Um,
I think that's all
I have to say on DJ Max. Oh no, is there anything else I should
say about the game? There is an online mode
that I've barely played it because when I go into online
mode, I only see like one
room ever open with an extremely high
level player and I'm like, I know how that's gonna
go. So I don't know if the online
does matching very well, so
I would get put with somebody that's at my own level.
Um, but, it does have
online, so like if you want to play with your friends and
stuff, you could compete
on certain songs or things of that sort.
So. Oh, one thing I did
want to mention, um, but just
very briefly, because it is very brief,
I have started working on a game again.
On making
something. And it is something new.
Anything else you want to
say about it? Nope, that's it.
What engine are you using? Unity? Yeah.
I have an upgrade too.
I think
they have like Unity 2007. Alright.
Why give Bobby Blackwell full
permission and nag you every week until
it's done? It's fine. Alright.
Good. You hear that Bobby? Alright.
Anyway, I think that's it for
my gaming week. So, uh, housekeeping.
As I said earlier, sadly, we're not going to be here
live for the next two weeks, which I know really sucks
because we're having these live service provider
issues, but that is the
joy and risk of live radio
is that sometimes things don't always go according to plan.
But, um, yeah. So we won't be here
live for two weeks. We will be back on April 8th.
As far as the podcast feed goes,
you will get tonight's show uninterrupted
on the podcast feed because we're still
we're still doing this show as if it's
gonna go to the feed. Uh, so that'll be
there. And then the April 8th, uh, show
will be on the podcast feed, of course. And then we're
gonna do a bonus show somewhere during the time
off. A little closer to April 1st.
We'll do a bonus show since we won't be
here that weekend. So, um,
that is the upcoming schedule.
Otherwise, follow us on Twitter at
OLR. We're also on Facebook, Orange
Lounge Radio, all one word. Let's
get into some gaming news.
Loki. Alright. Sounds good.
So, um, let's
talk a little bit about, once again,
um,
free games.
Because free games are awesome. And so
this is kinda cool. So, you remember
with the whole, uh, Twitch Prime
stuff, you kinda get, you know, your free
subscription that you can do each month
and stuff like that. Well, now, starting
soon, they're actually gonna allow
you to get free games as
well. So, starting March 15th
through the 31st, you're gonna get access
to the following titles. So,
Oxenfree, Mr. Shifty,
Superhot, Shadow Tactics,
and Candlekeep, the Tomb of Annihilation.
And then, April,
you're gonna have access to Tales of
the Borderlands, or Tales from the Borderlands,
Steamworld Dig 2, Kingsway,
Tokyo 42, and Dubwars.
So, it's kinda
cool that they're gonna be offering, you know,
games for free through the service
as well. So, I guess
another incentive for you to get Prime.
That's, you know, what Amazon wants, I guess.
So, neat.
I don't know, these, like, Steam
titles, are they just, like,
DRM-free stuff?
I don't really know how that works.
I haven't downloaded any of them yet, but if
the previous rewards are any indication,
they often tend to go multiplatform.
So, in other words, like,
they did a Fortnite reward recently,
and you could pick. Do you want it on PC or
PlayStation 4? When they did the
Overwatch rewards,
you actually got it on everything.
Because it was, like, loot boxes. You got 10 loot boxes.
Or maybe it was 5 and 5, I don't remember.
But it's, like, when I bring it up on PC,
all my loot boxes are there, and then when I go on to the
PlayStation, I have different loot boxes,
but I also get the same amount of bonus
loot boxes there. So, that's kinda how Twitch
has handled it previously. So, I think
these releases are all PC,
but I wouldn't say that Twitch is necessarily,
or Amazon is really who it is.
They're not gonna necessarily limit themselves to that.
Hmm. Yeah. Interesting. Yeah.
For sure. And I think that's interesting
that that is Twitch kinda competing
in some ways with Xbox Live,
I guess. Yeah. Because,
or at PlayStation Plus
and the free games there. It's very interesting that
Amazon now also has this,
you know, if you're paying your yearly fee
for this, we're gonna give you some free games. Or even, like,
a Humble Monthly or something like that.
I guess. Yeah.
It's neat. There's, like,
at least, because
Prime is kind of expensive for
a year's subscription. It's starting to climb up, too.
Yeah, but at least they're giving you
a little bit more for that. So, that's
kinda nice to get more for the money that you're
paying. Yeah, for sure. Of course, they're gonna raise the
price again, I'm sure, now that they're adding all
this stuff to it. They
probably will. But, you know, if you
I don't know. I still kinda find the Twitch Prime
thing to be a really good, or the Amazon
Prime thing to be a good value with the, with
everything that I buy online with the shipping
and, you know, just the Twitch
Prime included is a pretty big deal.
And, you know, as somebody who streams on
Twitch and does make
some pocket change on Twitch, nothing that's gonna
change my finances drastically, but makes
pocket change on Twitch, please don't forget
to use your free sub on somebody.
I mean, of course, I'd love it if you used it on me, but
tons of people here at the VoiceGeeks
Network and our extended, you know, family
and friends are streaming now, so
please don't forget to use your free sub somewhere
because that's, you know, that's
a couple bucks that you can give out of your
and then that adds up. So, it's almost like you
can, that money you can kinda give to
somebody else. Yeah. So, kinda nice.
So, cool.
Well, we'll see what Twitch Prime
kinda adds to sweeten the pot later on.
Yeah, I'll be very curious to see if maybe they start
to get into console stuff as well.
Maybe Nintendo stuff someday.
I don't know. I guess nothing
is unreasonable, but
talking about Nintendo, Nintendo did recently
update the Switch firmware.
The Switch is now running on version
5.0 firmware.
So, some of the functionality that is now available
on the Switch is that you can find your
Facebook and Twitter friends on
the Switch. This is something that I would have thought
would have been their day one, but
no, you can only historically find through
your 3DS friends. But they've just now figured out that
Facebook and Twitter are things.
So, it's okay. No, because you can
post your screenshots to Facebook and Twitter the whole time.
But anyway, your friends will now
come in, so that's something a little bit new.
There's also some new icons
if you're a fan of ARMS or Kirby
Act F. You can now get some
icons for your account from
those games, ARMS and Kirby.
Stop trying to make ARMS a thing.
Also, you can filter
news. And then they did a lot with
parental controls, where like your captured
videos will only show
if the person logged in meets the parental controls.
And there's a lot with the app
as well. I don't think many people that
listen to this show use the parental controls.
However, if that is something of interest to you, I would
encourage you to check that out
on Nintendo's website about what they've changed
with parental controls, because they've added a lot more.
And we do encourage all of our
moms and dads and everybody
else out there who do raise kids
to be diligent with using these.
And watch what your kids play.
What you believe is best for your family.
Also, which I think is kind of interesting,
Nintendo Switch Pro Controller
grip colors will now display
in the controller's menu. So does that mean
you now see the actual colors of the
controller you're using?
That's kind of neat. Of the grip colors for
the Pro Controller? Well yeah, because the Pro Controller
I have a Splatoon Pro Controller
so it's pink and green.
I guess. That's kind of cool that it does that
just so they know which
controllers are which. It's just an additional
little enhancement that's kind of cool.
I like that. You know what would be a nice additional
little enhancement that they can add?
It would be pretty cool is Virtual Console.
Hopefully at E3 or else I have
no idea what they're going to do.
Anyway, also
something else that apparently is happening is that
third party docs seem to be bricking
with this new update.
So if you are using a third party doc
you're going to want to be very careful
because apparently some consoles are being
strongly impacted by this.
I know one of the makers... For absolutely
no reason whatsoever. I really hope
Nintendo didn't do it to be a dick. Oh, of course
they did. I just put, but like to
brick a console
if you want to brick anything
brick the dock. But brick the console
that's pretty fucked up.
I don't know. I mean
I guess you do take a
risk when you use third party stuff, but
most of your Best Buys
and your Game Stops sell
this stuff side by side with the Switch
and the average consumer doesn't sit there
to think, oh, this is a third party
product so I might want to be careful when using this.
Come on. Dark Soccer
has been covering peripherals of the month
over this year and they've all been
third party stuff so far.
Sometimes third parties
develop different things. So
it would be kind of a dick
move if they were doing that on purpose.
That's all.
Anyway, also apparently
with this firmware
that actually launched on the Switch
some folks data mined the firmware
and found that there is a new check
for a SOC
system on a chip.
Some thoughts out there are theorizing
this is probably due to a hardware
vulnerability and that makes hacking
possible in different firmware versions.
So future Nintendo Switch units are
probably going to have a different SOC.
This could also, I would think,
be related to maybe what's breaking the docks,
but I don't know, we'll see.
Going to chat over...
And they're checking for the chip that's
in the docks, I guess?
Perhaps. Going to our chat over
at live.vognetwork.com
Ranma in chat says it's hard to tell it's third
party when the box looks just
like first party products. Ain't that the
truth? And they do that on purpose.
You know they do. And this is Joe and Hunter Matt says
yeah, this isn't like an R4 card.
It's a dock. Exactly. This isn't like
something that you use to pirate software.
Right? These third party docks
don't give you any additional... Well it's also because
their dock costs like $70
or something. Is it like $70 or $100
for this stupid thing? For what? Pass
through for a video? I mean
come on. I thought the docks also had
like a chip or two in them to give them a little extra
oomph, which is why some games can run
at 1080 when they're docked.
No. No, I don't think so.
I thought they did. I don't think so.
Are you sure? Alright, maybe.
I thought the docks had a little extra
because they always talk about
it runs like this docked and it runs like this
undocked.
I don't think that was the case. Interesting.
One more comment from chat at live.vognetwork.com
Bob C says I'm guessing
the third party docks handle the handshake
signal different from Nintendo's
OEM dock. Yeah, it's definitely got to be something
related to that. So a big warning
if you're using third party docks
stop using them especially
if your Switch updated
the firmware because a lot of the Switches don't even
ask. They don't ask to download the update
they just do it. Ah, the Microsoft policy.
Yeah, pretty much. Well, I think it's just on
by default. I'm pretty sure you can turn it off
but I mean
for the most part you usually
want the new firmware because
it patches security leaks
and things like that. I know that's the big deal with
phones. You know, any time a new phone
vulnerability is found the phone
companies whether it's Apple, whether it's Android
they patch that shit pretty quick and you want to
download that. Yeah. So, you know
anyway, let's move on to a different story
Dark Sakura.
Well, in other news
Microsoft has some plans
that is a little bit different than what
they have already been doing.
They are wanting
to create a service for video games
that works like Netflix.
They had an interview with The Verge where
one of their team members said that they are
working on a service that would function the way that
Netflix does for games and
that would offer access to games
from a variety of developers including
Microsoft and stream those titles
to the player's device of choice
so that they could play
whatever game they want on whatever
device. So
they said that their goal is to reach the
two billion gamers in the world.
So
it would extend things
out of that whole
proprietary
market, you know, instead of
this is exclusive to this, this is exclusive
to this. If you subscribe to the service
it streams to whichever device
you're on. Yeah, because if you're talking about
truly Netflix, I mean the thing that
Netflix does is that Netflix
is on your TV, Netflix is
on your computer, Netflix is on your
Nintendo Switch. No, no it's not.
It's on your Wii U though.
But Netflix is on all these places, it's on
your phone. If Microsoft is truly
going to look at doing a Netflix for the games
this is not like the Game Pass
that exists today, right, where you pay
which is the same thing as PlayStation Now essentially
where you pay a monthly fee to have access to a big
library, but it's on your Xbox
One. We're talking about you're going to be
paying a fee for something
that could be anywhere, on a TV
or on a phone most notably.
Right, so that's very
interesting. But
of course the one thing
that's going to be the problem
for this is getting these
consoles, the companies
that manage these consoles to play
nice with the service.
Nintendo
may not want to because
you know how tight and proprietary
they are on everything. Sony
may play nice. I don't see
No they won't. I said may,
they'd be more likely than Nintendo to do it.
No. I don't see either one of them doing it.
They're going to see it as competition.
But I get where you're coming from.
Hypothetically. But the incentive
from offering the service is enough
to bring them the money?
I would say this, if Microsoft
announces they're exiting
the console market completely
then yes, they would both be open
to it. But Microsoft's going to have to say
we're no longer selling the Xbox
One. How is Xbox One selling
right now? I believe
it's doing better than it was and
I don't think the Xbox One X flopped
but I think Microsoft is still kind of
losing this console battle
and I think it all comes down to exclusives.
You know Sea of Thieves is just
not God of War. Well and they've also lost
one whole complete market
because they no longer sell in Japan.
That's true.
But you know Microsoft is
kind of a different, it's a different bar to measure
because, but then you have to look at
Windows gaming and Microsoft
you know, gets a lot of PC
games and so when you kind of
consider Microsoft's gaming platform
as both Windows
and Xbox One
are they losing? I don't
know. I don't think it's really the same.
So anyway,
food for thought.
I still wonder how much
of the video game market really
is, you know
if a person had, you know,
now keep in mind the only of those consoles I don't
have is an Xbox One.
So
if some game came
out on PC versus a
console, I don't know which
one gets the larger market share.
You know, would it be something on
PlayStation 4? Would it be something on PC?
Now me, the only reason that I
play things on PC is
because of the three search fees I've had on my hand.
It's more comfortable to play
with a keyboard and mouse.
But will,
but what really does have the highest number
of sales? Is it going to be a console
or is it going to be
a computer? I think it really just
depends on what the game is and
more importantly, kind of like how it was released.
For example, I think something
like Overwatch, I think they've said there's way more
people playing Overwatch on PC
than anything else. But you also
have to consider Blizzard's World of Warcraft
base, you know, Blizzard's
Heroes of the Storm base and all their hardest
core fans have always been PC gamers.
So of course Overwatch was going to do well
on PC. That's not to say it's doing crap on
consoles, because it's not, but
it's just Blizzard's biggest base was always
PC. However, take something
like Final Fantasy 15,
well it's probably doing better
on consoles than it is on PC,
but it also had a year out on
consoles before it even released on PC.
So I think some of that comes into play
as well.
But Halo,
Halo 2,
I know you don't like to talk about Halo, but
Halo 2 was on PC and
Xbox and I think it did better on consoles.
So I think it just kind of depends on
what the game is and
what quote-unquote feels right
for the game. Yeah, but
that's really what's getting back to my point is the
financial impact that one would have versus the other.
So, I don't
know if
sorry, I need to take my
medicine, but
I don't know if the impact would be
greater for one versus the other.
Okay. You know, that's my
concern. Alright. Well, let's
move on to our next story. Loki. Alright,
so things are
coming back, and by those things they mean
microtransactions in Star Wars Battlefront 2.
So they are getting rid of
the whole loot box system that they
tried to pull out, you know,
for
choice, I don't know.
They basically tried to shove that in there
and run the game with it. So now,
you know, kind of admitting
defeat, they're bringing back
microtransactions into the game, but it's only
going to be for
basically cosmetic items. So
basically, they're going to be getting rid of the whole loot box
and Starbucks. Pink Vader.
No Pink Vader yet, because no one wants that.
God dammit. So they're going to have
progressions going to be linear now,
and basically, they're only going to have
these cosmetic
items that are
available in the game as microtransactions.
So you can either use
in-game credits or crystals, so you can
buy premium currency
with that. So that's what they're
doing, and that's going to start,
looks like actually in a few days on March 21st.
But
if I'm not mistaken, the internet is kind of already
over Battlefront, right? Yeah,
I think so. I mean, it's taken this long
to kind of do the right thing,
but it's not even really the right thing, I think,
because it's like this...
I don't know. The way, like,
I've heard it described as like,
nobody likes microtransactions
in games, so then they pull out this thing
that's even worse than microtransactions
and then bring that back, and people are like,
oh, thank god it's not that thing. I'll take
microtransactions.
You know, and then
in a very morbid...
So it's one of those, let me show you just
how bad it can be. Okay, okay, it's not that bad.
It would be a morbid comparison, but like, if I'm killing,
if I'm stabbing puppies, and then,
and I, and people are like,
don't stab puppies, and so I stab babies
instead, and then I stop stabbing
babies, and go back to stabbing puppies,
they're all like, well, at least he's not stabbing babies anymore,
we'll take the stabbing puppies. That's basically
what it is, it's that you're getting used
to something that you hated, just because it's not the
other thing that's even worse. That is the fucking
stupidest comparison I've heard in the 15
years of this program.
I aim to please.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
And that's basically it, it's just that...
This is the same person who came up with Iraqi suicide babies.
No, that's a year,
years old joke. Uh, just by the way,
That was culturally insensitive, I
will admit.
Some live reaction from our chatroom.
Dark Tetsuya says, wow, Loki.
Dungeon Buster says, Loki logic
can be scary. Psh.
Sia Tabiri says, at least he's not putting them in the
blender. Alright, Sia Tabiri, you,
Loki, you're in timeout. In the
corner.
And don't look away from the corner
until I tell you to.
Yeah,
I'm over Star Wars Battlefront 2
as well, so let's see how they fuck up Star Wars
Battlefront 3.
I'm sure that'll be a thing. Be careful what you wish
for. Alright, well,
I know that we're getting
into Street Fighter
all over again on the Nintendo Switch, and
the game that probably should have come
out, instead of that Street Fighter
2 game that came out originally. It's the
Street Fighter 30th anniversary collection.
That's right, you can play all
of the Street Fighter, including
Turbo, Championship, Original,
Super, and hey, Dark
Sakura would love to play Alpha,
Alpha 2, Alpha 3, I bet she's not the only one.
And you can even play Street Fighter 3.
Cause, how many of you
actually remember playing Street Fighter 3?
Of course you do,
of course you do. I worked in an arcade
when Street Fighter 3 came out. Yeah, but like,
you know, I think a lot of people kind of forgot
that one. But anyway. Oh, come on,
it was all about playing Ibuki.
This whole collection is going to be coming out, and
I know people are jazzed about it. But what's also
interesting about it is that there's going to be a
kind of a special tournament mode in this.
It's an exclusive mode to the Switch,
where you use Super
Street Fighter 2's tournament mode,
and you do this with multiple Switch
units, you put them in tabletop mode,
and you play musical chairs.
So like, basically, all
the four Switches are talking to each other,
but you're doing your tournament and you're all playing
matches at the same time, so it's like you're going to run
an eight-player tournament, or maybe more,
really, really fast. But
some early reports are saying that
it does end up kind of being a confusing mess,
like which system and controller you need
to have for your next match. So you might
want to consider maybe having different color controllers
or something to label that. But it sounds
like it's pretty neat, and it's using the whole, like,
you know, Switches talking together in the same room.
At least they tried something. Yeah, at least
it's something kind of new. I like that. It's almost
like the Switch is like now the new
version of LAN.
That's what this sounds like. It really does. At least they
get one type of networking.
Right? We'll take
offline, I guess. Anyway, so yeah,
I think I'm going to check this out, you know.
Of course I like the Street Fighter. I mean, I feel like
I've bought Street Fighter II so many times,
but the fact that they are including, like,
the three different versions of Street Fighter III
and the alpha games, and, you know,
it does kind of sweeten the pot in some of this other stuff.
Nothing will ever be the
Saturn version of Street Fighter Alpha 2.
Nothing? Nothing.
Nothing? Unless you have a full arcade release.
But, this is just going to probably be an
emulated arcade machine. Right?
The Saturn version to this day is still
the best home version. Well, BobC
brings up a good point in our chat saying, question,
will be how close to arcade
perfect will the ports be, and if it's emulation,
how bad will the input lag
be? No online alpha 2
makes me sad. Alpha 2 is best alpha.
So, seems like
they are leaving out some modes
on some other games.
By the way, I want to throw this out
to the chat room speaking of Saturn games real quick.
If they can hear us with all the
frequent drops, sorry, but try your best.
If someone can find me a copy of
Salamander Deluxe Pack for Sega Saturn
for under 50 bucks, please tell me.
I'm serious.
It's like something you're targeting for the
vault next. It's something I'm targeting
for the husband.
And since he doesn't really listen,
I have no problem with saying this
in an announcement on live radio.
Fair enough. Don't tell them.
Alright, but
do tell us your next story, DarcSakra.
My next story has to do with
shenanigans and how
people are reacting to it.
So,
there is a huge
labor strike
going on
with a particular
developer, with developers
at a French gaming studio.
And I know it's one studio.
They're the ones who put behind a
steel division Normandy 44.
The
company is called UGen Systems.
And
the reason why I'm bringing this up,
they're on their 30th
day on strike, actually more than
30 by the time you're listening to
this podcast.
But
they are on strike because
of unpaid wages
and breached contract.
They
have refused to pay
as required by law.
They are
underpaying for the value of their work.
And so,
the quote here is, in order to make ourselves
heard, we have no option but to go on strike.
And this is started on February
15th. And then
the distribution was made by a
labor advocacy group
called, and please bear with me,
I have not spoken any French in quite a while.
But,
the syndicate of video game workers.
I hope that sounds right.
I actually remember that jeu video is how you say video games
in French, yeah.
It's game video, yeah.
But they are
claiming that UGen management
did not budge after a 15
month negotiation on the topic.
And that they put out a counter
statement claiming sloppy payroll
paperwork. And so,
the workers
have gone on strike.
And I know it's
a small company.
But I hope it's a
precedence. That maybe
if more, you know,
employees of video game companies
unionize and
stand up. Do you hear the people
sing, sing.
That was the French Revolution,
Bob.
I couldn't help myself.
It's obvious, obviously it's the first
thing that came to mind. Obviously.
I don't mean to make light of it, I'm sorry.
We crack stupid jokes on this show.
But at any rate, you know,
and this is, I'm not trying to be
political on this one, but if you think about it,
labor unions
at least here in the US
are why we have
an average 5 day work week.
It's why we have a 40 hour work week.
You know, we have child labor laws.
You know, the best way,
you know, and we hear about some
of the terrible conditions developers
work in. If you are
a developer and you are in these
circumstances,
hit them where it hurts.
Delay their games.
Take a stand.
You know, I know Bill's got to get
paid, but unionize,
you know. And believe me, when the workers
are happy, you're going to get a better final product
anyway. You don't want to play a shitty
game that was rushed and you know.
It's like the dinner that, imagine
dinner. And imagine
I will imagine dinner, thank you.
But imagine someone's making it in
a huge rush and it just doesn't have any
effort put into it. Oh, that's me every week night.
Or you have someone who takes
time and prepares the ingredients with love in their
heart. Oh, Alan cooking.
But you know the difference between a
dinner created with
care versus something that's just like
oh, here's food to put in your mouth. I know very well
the difference between what Alan cooks and what I cook, yes.
Anyway.
Am I wrong?
I haven't had your cooking, Rob.
Let's just say I know how to use a
Foreman grill.
And that's the end of the sentence.
Alright. Well,
I'm going to teach you a thing or
three one day. I'm going to teach you how to cook
Cajun. I don't want to
cook Cajun. Well,
Cajun is tasty.
All right.
I have tried. You know what? I tried.
I was like, I'm going to go on to like Ina
Garten's website and download recipes
and I'm going to cook something and like every
time I do it,
it's like that Netflix show
nailed it. Except like my shit
is just straight up inedible.
I'm like, why did I follow the
directions and the chicken is uncooked?
I'll tell you this. Honestly enough,
and again, not meaning to sell something,
but watch the Gordon
Z Kitchen Basics and Binging with Babish
Kitchen Basics.
The two of those will give you
practical demonstrations
and it makes it easy.
What about Martha Stewart and Snoop Dogg?
Martha Stewart. No, I mean,
OK, she's talented. She was a
she was a model. She was like Linda Evangelista
in the 60s.
But but those two
actually
I was watching the both of those while I
was sick for my first month
and I used the techniques
that they showed there to teach myself how to cook things that I could eat.
So just saying.
I'm usually not a big advocate
for those things, but it's also
fun when you learn from someone cooking
while you're watching it and they have a passion
for it. Same with gaming, right?
Someone plays a game they're getting into.
You don't care how badly they're playing it.
They're having fun. You're having fun with them.
There's Twitch in a nutshell.
Just a couple more stories for you guys than the classic
game of the week. Loki.
I'm so confused by
I was watching the trailer
for this game that I'm about to talk about
and I don't understand it, but I get
why it's being banned.
So, Britain is
apparently banning a game called
Omega Labyrinth
Z, which is also
going to be coming out over here pretty soon on PlayStation 4
and the Vita.
And it's been banned, I guess,
in
other countries as well. Australia, Germany
New Zealand
and Ireland.
But apparently
this is because of
the adult-like nature of the game.
Basically it has lots of fan service in it.
Lots of fan service.
The game is kind of like a
traditional RPG
dungeon crawler type thing, but you collect
bras and panties
in the game.
You also have to rescue women from the
monsters that have been trapped there
by rubbing
basically the women.
And then there's something,
and I couldn't quite get it because the translation's not
right on this page, something that had to do
with inspecting breasts.
So I'm not really sure
what that was, and
unfortunately the trailer
doesn't really... I could just see
myself livestreaming this game, although I'm sure
it's banned. Breast inspector
checking in. I don't know what it was like.
And yet they have what they're
putting something
like a crystal,
if you will, between their breasts
to inspect it, but then the crystal's getting
bigger. It's clearly a phallic
item. It's just like
what the fuck is this nonsense?
Only the crystal of fallacy can save
me.
It's just interesting, I guess.
That just makes me think of Evangelion
Redeath again.
Yeah, they have
this sequence where
you're touching parts of
this person that has
hearts there, and it's
groping... I don't know.
I can see why that they may
have... I've seen
much worse in games, but I understand
why this is something that
they would be banning from the country.
Okay, that's a bit ridiculous,
okay? It's just fucking...
that's just American beauty shit right there.
The fucking flower petals.
Oh, yeah.
It's ridiculous. They're Japanese
companies, man. Making these
such lewd games.
Where do I pre-order?
Where are these?
Where do we pre-order these games?
No, really, tell me where to find them.
I don't know.
Alright, well something that won't
be banned, because I think a lot of people
will be checking this out at their local Dave and Busters
or a similar arcade, is
Rampage is coming back to arcades.
That's right, you know, the classic 90s
game, Rampage, which is one of the
little mini-games that I got
a copy of thanks to DarkSakura.
But actually, there is a brand new
if you weren't aware, there's a Rampage
movie coming out starring The Rock
and I don't know. Guys,
I have to admit, I don't give a shit
about the Rampage movie. Like, I really don't.
It has nothing to do with the game. And the trailer
looks shitty to me, but some of you guys are into it.
Rampage in name only. I'm not gonna
really try to
crap on your faves, but sometimes it's hard.
Anyway, just in time
for the film coming out, which by the way is April
13th. I don't know if you knew. It's gonna take
on Ready Player One. Did you know that?
Just a few weeks out. Yeah, because I remember
they had to bump it up because
the Avengers got bumped
up as well. They're like, ah, fuck.
Yeah. So, Rampage
is coming out April 13th and
Dave and Busters, as well as Adrenaline Amusance,
they are teaming up to create
a new video game based on the film.
And guess what? It's a redemption machine.
Of course, you get some tickets
from it. So anyhow,
by the way, this is the sixth new
title from Adrenaline in the past six months.
So you can see the little picture out there of it.
It definitely looks fancy. It looks
big. It's got a big TV.
And it's got the three players and three
sides. I don't think this is gonna
look like the classic 90s game at
all. But that's kinda cool. It's a single
joystick and a button. And the main focus?
To play for tickets.
Hopefully this means you get to tear down some
buildings, though, in a rampage.
By the way, speaking
of arcade news, I thought this was a good place
for me to stick in some news about
Step Mania X. You know, this
is the new game that Kyle Ward's
been working on. Is it Step Mania X or Step Mania X?
I think it is Step Mania X,
but I can't help but call it Step Mania X.
No, it's Ten. Step Mania
Ten. I like that. Step Mania Ten.
Okay, Step Mania Ten
is coming out. I don't think
it's really that. But anyway, Step
Revolution is the new name of the company.
So, these cabinets,
they've already kinda been coming out, but
they've been targeting, like,
exergaming types
of places. They haven't really been targeting
the arcades. Well, apparently
now the arcades are going to be
targeted. That is the next
direction for the game. How long until Konami
sues? Who knows, but new,
I don't think they can because I think the layout
of this game is different or something. Or actually,
I think there's something different
where that's been worked out. There is. There's a center button.
It's set out like DDR, but there's a center button
on there as well. And we know he's
worked with Andamiro before.
So, there's probably something going on there. But anyway,
the and, the thing I liked about it
when I saw this at MAGFest a couple years ago,
the monitor, the giant monitor is a touchscreen.
And that's how you control it. So, the
giant monitor is also a touchscreen. That's how you pick your
songs. That's how you kinda move things around. I thought that was
kinda cool. So, anyway, the machine
will set you back $8,000 to $9,000
if you want one. But that's
actually kinda what the going rate is for
Dance Game Machines. They have conversion kits for
DDR cabinets, too. Oh, do they? Oh,
that I was not aware. So, they would not have touchscreens
if that was the case. Yeah.
Alright, so anyhow, there you go.
You can check that out.
They've already secured distribution for Asian
territories, but we have no further information
on that at this time.
But you know what we do have further information on?
A trip into the gaming vault.
For the Classic Game of the Week.
Oh, honey.
Forget these arcade machines
with fancy, dancy
touchscreen machines.
Back in the day, your arcade machines
ran vector graphics. You liked it.
Oh,
honey. The Classic Game
of the Week. Dark Soccer's gonna jump into the
gaming vault and find a game that she thinks,
hey, even though this game is only
in two colors, you should be checking
this game out. Yep.
Am I right? This wasn't on the color device.
No, it was not. Alright.
I'm giving you a little hint. Here it is.
The Classic Game of the Week.
Classic Game of the Week is
Wario Land Super Mario Land 3.
Which, honestly, shouldn't have been
a Mario Land game, but what the fuck ever.
It is a platformer developed
by Nintendo for the Game Boy
in 1994.
Yay.
It is the first game to feature Wario
as a playable character and as the
main character and the first
appearance of Captain Syrup.
Yep. Captain Syrup.
Wario Land
is, it is a
platformer, but it is
um,
like these different courses, you
know, that you go through ending in a boss
fight and Wario has the
power to bump into enemies or jump
on them to knock them over. They are stunned
and they can be picked up and thrown at other
enemies very, you know, um,
Super Mario Brothers 2
esque or Doki Doki Panic
esque. And then when he's in
his grown up form, he can do a shoulder
charge that is used to attack
enemies or break blocks and open
treasure chests.
I'm sorry, I've been distracted by the
Smoosh. He's adorable.
Yes, Mr. Smoosh has made his way into studio
which, by the way, I have to
add, did you see the Instagram? Did you see the picture
of him in his new tie? Yes. Isn't that
the most adorable fucking thing you've ever seen?
But he didn't, he will wear the
tie, but after a little while, he
starts to think that it's string
that he likes to chase
so he starts to, like, scratch that, so
I had to take it off him because he was driving himself bonkers.
Yeah, but, um,
if you follow me on Instagram, look at
Dark Sakura, and I have
a cute little picture of Smooshy when I trapped him in the
bathroom. Well, then you ought to be following
Mr. Smoosh, spelled out M-I-S-T-E-R
Smoosh, on Instagram.
So back to Wario. Oh, yes.
Mr. Wario. He can get three unique
helmets. Um,
each of these helmets have their own ability.
There's the bull helmet that gives
Wario extra strength and doubles
the length of his shoulder charge attack.
Sorry, I just have to probably, once again,
the two seconds I have Google up
never fails. Allen sends me a message on
Gchat, which is our preferred way of talking to each other.
I pull it up for two seconds to get the YouTube
link for tonight. There's the message.
Anyway, with that being said,
Allen is asking if anyone wants Starbucks,
so get your orders in.
Can't. Alright.
Thank you. Low-key, anything?
Very important business, everybody.
The stream's probably dropping right now.
Anyways, you can't hear this part. Alright.
Oh, yes, Wario. Wario box.
So, um,
the other thing with the
bull helmet is that it lets
him smash through blocks more
easily, and he, um,
can stick onto ceilings and
perform a butt stomp into the ground, where he
can stun all the enemies around him
and break through the blocks underneath.
He also gets a jet helmet that gives
him, uh, increases his running
speed and lets him fly
horizontally in the air,
um, as well to do an underwater
shoulder charge.
And then the dragon helmet lets
Wario shoot, um,
like, these bursts of flame,
like, as a flamethrower, on land
and underwater, which destroys enemies and
blocks on contact, and it replaces
his shoulder charge while he's wearing the
dragon helmet, which the dragon helmet is,
honestly, probably one of my favorites.
You can also get a star man to get temporary
invincibility. Um, if Wario takes
damage, he shrinks, losing his shoulder charge
move, and he will stay small until
he collects a clove of garlic, a
helmet, or gets to the end of the level
because, you know, Wario's supposed to have a
problem with body odor. If he's hit while
he's small, or is hit by an
instant kill obstacle, like lava,
he will lose a life.
So, now the coins
don't work the way they do
in the traditional Mario game. The coins are
actually currency. So they can
be earned by collecting, fighting them in blocks,
shoulder charging enemies. If
he acquires ten or more coins in the level,
he can pull, um,
get a ten coin piece that he can
throw at an enemy, and pick back
up, so he can throw, he can kill people
with money in this game.
He can also, um, spend it to open
level exits, or activate
checkpoints, and extra lives
that are, uh,
achieved by collecting heart points,
which are earned by defeating bosses and
collecting hearts. And you get,
um, an extra heart, an extra
life every 100 points.
At the end of each level, you can choose whether to
gamble the coins that you have collected in a game
of chance, or spend them to try
and earn heart points.
Um, certain levels have
a locked treasure room that, uh,
each of them contains a unique treasure.
So to use the treasure, you have to find the
key within the level, carry it to the treasure room,
and you cannot use your abilities
while you're carrying the key, kind of like in
Dracula X, you know? You pick
up the key as your item,
and you have to get it to the door before
you can use it. Like, it's funny, like, in
Dracula X, if you try to use the key, he just gets
a question mark, and goes, huh? But
I would imagine, yeah, it's very similar
that you can't use any of
your, uh,
your, uh, abilities while you're carrying
the key. Um,
so,
yeah, you can't really do any of these other things
until you use the key.
And so the game's ending also,
uh, depends on
how much, how many coins
you end with, and how much of the treasure that you've
gotten. So,
basically, um, the game
itself was a big success.
It sold, um, 5.19
million copies worldwide.
And it was listed as one of the most,
one of the 13 top Game Boy
games, uh, in Game Informer.
And it was, to this date,
called one of the most successful, uh, spinoff
series, I think that's until the Yoshi's
series got big. And most importantly,
lots of positive reaction from
chat to this game. Yeah.
Um, it also, uh,
it actually was a sequel to Super Mario
Land 2, 6 Golden Coins.
Um, but it also spawned its own
sequels, Virtual Boy Wario Land,
Wario Land 2, Wario Land 3,
4, and Wario Land Shake It.
I was gonna say, they made like 5 Wario, like, they made
a ton of these fun games. Wario Land Shake It was such a great
game, and it's so sad that it didn't do
well. And then other titles,
of course, that came out after the success of Wario
Land included Wario World, Wario
Master of Disguises, and the WarioWare
Ink series. Um,
also, there were other spinoff
titles, um, that referred to
Wario Land.
There's P-Cross 2, and Wario has
Safari Helmet
that came in, uh, one of those
titles, and Wario's
Amiibo board map in Mario Party 10
features his Safari Helmet as
a background element. In Mario Kart 7,
Wario's build
transformation is on a billboard in
the Wario, uh, Shipyard racetrack,
and his music is the main theme of Wario Land.
And there you go, that's the game.
Alright, awesome, your classic game of the week.
All the way back on the Game Boy, and not
the Color Game Boy, just the Game Boy.
It is, uh, Wario Land.
You know what, I don't know if I've mentioned this before,
but not necessarily for
Wario, because I think Wario's name is a
pun on Warui,
but I always thought that Waluigi's name was a
better pun, because it would be Waruigi.
Warui is bad.
I didn't think of that.
And that, and I think, Waluigi
would actually kind of translate to
sick man. You know, it's a good
thing they didn't put out, uh, pictures of
Waluigi in Mario Tennis in high
definition, because you know there were people
out there this, uh, week trying to figure out just how
big Luigi's schlong is,
from some of the pictures
that are out there where I guess Luigi has a
defined, um, bulge.
Yeah, he does not have the
Barbie doll thing going on. He has things
in common with the Goblin
King. Yeah.
By the way, proven
it was a codpiece.
Just saying.
David Bowie's little friends.
Someone did the research. Alright, we're gonna take a break
and do some research of our own, but we'll be back with
plenty more Orange Lounge Radio, including
rapid fire news, release dates, the mail
bag, uh, we'll get to some more stories too,
including, yep, we gotta talk about
Toys R Us. I know we talked about it a little bit last
week, but it's coming
this week. So we're gonna talk about Toys R Us and
KB Toys. Yeah.
Yeah, we're gonna talk about all that when we come back, uh,
with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after
this.
Welcome
back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio
live on this Sunday evening.
Episode number 723 of our show
for March the 18th of
2018. Uh, it's, uh,
kind of a rough night here live,
um, but, uh, yeah, I wanna thank
you guys that are sticking with it, uh,
despite all the, uh, intermittent drops and so forth.
On the podcast feed, everything sounds normal,
I'm sure, cause, uh, that's, that's kinda
why we, again, try to keep things going
even though there is downtime as soon as
by the time y'all download this on the podcast feed,
everything sounds normal and just fine the way it
is supposed to be. But I appreciate
you guys sticking with us live. I also appreciate
Bobby Black Wolf is, uh, he's been the one
that's been kinda chatting with our, uh,
people that we pay money for to host this show
and, uh, trying to get everything worked out.
I understand maintenance has to be done.
It has to be done, like, throughout the week.
How many, how many live hours does
Voget Network have on it? There's, like, four tonight
and two or three on Tuesday.
I think that's, like, all the live shows we've
had right now. So out of those, like, less than
ten hours that we're live a week, this has to be
the hour they want to do stuff anyway.
Anyway, uh,
live here as you're listening to the show,
um, hopefully you heard the music there from
Soul Calibur. I can't, I can't play that stuff
on the podcast feed, cause that would be, you know,
they want you to buy the soundtracks and stuff,
but, uh, you heard some Soul Calibur music here
live, and, uh, it just
made me think. It, it missed our show roll tonight
cause we, we talked about it a couple weeks ago
when it was really, uh,
we talked about it a couple weeks ago when it was
rumored, and the rumors had a lot of steam with it,
but, uh, Geralt, uh, from The Witcher
confirmed, so Namco actually put
out the trailer that shows him in the game,
so everything out there, uh, is confirmed, and,
uh, what do you think of that addition, Dark Soccer?
I know you've, you're a Soul Calibur fan.
I was a Soul Calibur fan. Oh, you're not a Soul Calibur?
I haven't played a Soul Calibur game since the
GameCube one. Oh, okay.
Yeah, so, I really...
You didn't even try four? Not really.
With, uh, Star Wars? No. Like, Starkiller or something?
It just seemed, like,
excessive. Yeah.
I kinda didn't care anymore.
I still love Soul Calibur, except the only Soul Calibur
I didn't like was the free one. The free one
that was on PlayStation 3 was awful.
I don't think I even looked at that one. Oh, don't.
It'll ruin the whole series for you.
Well, we can't have that, but, I mean, back in the day,
though, I mean, Dan and I used to play
a bunch of, uh, Soul Edge.
Yeah. You know,
especially cause it had that, um,
amazing soundtrack to it.
It was one of the must-have games on the Dreamcast, too.
It really was. No, I'm talking about
Soul Edge, not the first Soul Calibur. Oh, sorry.
Yes. Right. Or Soul Bla-
It was Soul Blade, sorry, was the...
And it had, oh, god,
what was the name of the group that did the
intro to it? But it had that amazing
intro to it. And we had, um,
the soundtrack for it that had, like, the long version
of it. It was really awesome. Yeah.
So. You know, it was really
Soul Calibur 2 was probably the pinnacle of the
series for me. I kind of, I remember,
you know, just from the music gaming
roots of the show, I remember we used to go
to Roseville-Gothland and we played DDR.
But because there were so many of us playing DDR, you know,
we often had to wait, like, 20 minutes in between
turns. So there was a lot of us that
while somebody else was playing, we'd go play Soul Calibur 2.
Yeah. And the arcade machine had that
really cool, like, you would log
in the machine, right, with, like, your initials
and your birthday or something. Yeah. And then you, like,
could claim your team, and then you would,
like, fight other people. Like, it was a really
cool mode that I think
was ahead of its time in many ways. And then we'd go find, like,
whoever, if we knew who it was, and be like,
hey, we just kicked your ass. Yeah.
Because the computer would try to emulate that person,
but we all know, we all know it was nothing
like playing against a real human. Like playing the real thing.
There were a few out there that would be kind of
tough, that would give them a tough AI. Sure.
But, like, you have to really
play, like, that character, like, a bunch of times
to get the AI to change on it. Yeah.
You know. Yeah. So I'm really,
I'm going to check out Soul Calibur 6. I'm excited.
I kind of, I skipped five.
Wasn't five, like, exclusive to PlayStation 3?
Or something? I don't remember.
I think it was. And I think at that point I was
really burned out from the free one and so forth.
So I kind of skipped Soul Calibur 5.
But I will check out Soul Calibur 6.
I'm excited. And I think Geralt is a,
it makes sense. It's a logical,
like, what video game universe character.
Like, they're not going to have Waluigi.
Sorry, guys. Waluigi's not going to be Soul Calibur.
Wah.
I don't know why it's so funny.
Just, those big,
grandiose intros
that they do, you know, like, we shall
test the blade of eternity through the soul
of time. And then, wah.
And then there's, like, a fart.
He wears fart caliber.
Okay, let's do
some rapid fire news. I'm going to get into
a laughing fit like I did on this week, Shaking
and Crying, which, if you didn't listen to Shaking
and Crying this week, cheap plug, but
I got into a laughing fit for like, two minutes
straight. And it had to do with Thelma and Louise, so I'm gonna
leave it at that. Okay.
And then they drove off the edge.
It's Victoria and I re-enacting it. Anyway,
moving on. And remember, don't fuck the guy who
wants to steal your money.
Moving on, I have to say
biiitch.
Ahahaha!
Alright.
Low key. Let's get into some rapid fire news.
To register
participation for this week's episode of
OrangeLaundry80 with VoGnetwork.com, use the passphrase, boot.
Let's talk about Sonic.
So Sonic Mania is getting a re-release as Sonic Mania Plus.
They're gonna be doing a physical release along with some additional features added
to it.
So they're gonna have two new playable characters, Mighty and Ray, and a new Encore mode, a four-player
competitive mode.
Oh no.
Wait, is this Mighty number 10?
It might be.
Oh no.
More like Mighty number 2.
And a deluxe packaging with a holographic slipcover, reversible Genesis Mega Drive sleeve,
and 32-page artbook.
And SSG100, Matt, I'm kidding with the Mighty number 9 jokes.
It's all in good fun.
I did get the game free on PlayStation Plus.
Anyway.
Yes.
Oh yeah, Sonic Mania Plus, yes.
As did I.
So they'll be coming out this summer on Switch, Xbox One, PlayStation 4.
So check those out.
That's cool, except for the fact, you know, I already bought this game one time, so I
don't know if I'm excited to buy it again, but it was a really solid Sonic game, so.
What, are you excited to watch a Sonic Mania Adventures cartoon, perhaps?
That's because they're gonna be making five animated shorts starring Sonic Tails and Knuckles
as part of the Sonic Mania Adventures, and it's gonna be, they say, a dialogue-free thing
that's gonna be relying just on music and visuals to tell the story.
Neat, I guess.
It's a cartoon.
It looks better than the other cartoon that they put out, so.
I think it would be okay, because it's not that, whatever that really shitty Sonic thing
was, you know, it had no- It's best not to try to remember what it was.
Will they be giving Sonic new friends?
I think Sonic just needs to find some new friends.
Maybe Sonic needs to move to a new city.
Maybe it's time for Emerald Hill Zone to no longer be the first act.
Maybe- Are you suggesting that he needs, like, new
sunk city or something?
Yeah, actually, yes I am.
He needs to move to New Donk City and be friends with Waluigi!
Quick move on before we get back to that.
Well, in yet another game tease, there was a post on Twitter teasing a new Sonic Racing
game.
They have the Sonic R from the Sega Saturn in there as well, but yeah, it says Sonic
Racing.
I did, however, laugh at the response from CEO Kaz Harai, who said, I'll be excited if
it says Sonic Retires.
Hey, I like Sonic R. So yeah, new Sonic Racing game.
So maybe there'll be a follow-up with a Sonic and Sega All-Stars Racing transfer game.
That would be cool.
It was a great racing game.
So yeah.
Danica Patrick!
Come on!
Come back to me!
What other weird characters could they put in there?
They should just, like, just go full all out like, you know, they were doing before.
He's not a Sega character!
Why would not?
Like, Sonic is in Smash Bros.
Isn't he in Mario Kart?
No, Waluigi is not in Mario Kart.
Man, what is all the hate for him?
Because Nintendo fucking hates him.
At least that's my story and I'm sticking to it.
You gave him life.
You can't hate him.
Yeah?
Ehh.
Alright.
He'll start his own.
It'll be just Waluigi Racing.
He has his own courses, though.
Yeah, I'm all for that.
Anyway, you can relive other Sega Genesis classics in an all-new Sega Genesis collection
that's coming out for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
It was leaked through some art that was posted early to Sega's press site and, of course,
the press said, well, you posted it.
We're running with it.
So, Sega did have to confirm it.
They are releasing on May 29th for the Xbox One and the PlayStation 4, but not the Switch.
The Sega Genesis Classics collection, which will contain over, er, more than 50 titles,
so yeah, over 50 titles, meaning online multiplayer, achievements, mirror modes, to make the game
a little harder, rewind, and save states.
You can check out the official page, MegadriveClassics.com, I mean, that's the Europe version, but whatever.
You can check that out.
Over 50 games in the collection, including, let's see, Sonic the Hedgehog, Altered Beast,
Streets of Rage, Space Harrier, Gunstar Heroes, Revenge of Sanobi, Toejam and Earl.
I know I saw the Alex Kidd Genesis game in there, too, so that's cool, because that wasn't
in the last collection, so yeah, very cool.
But yeah, no Nintendo Switch version, although, Loki, wanna guess?
Why aren't they gonna put this on Nintendo Switch?
Virtual Console, that doesn't exist, but, you know.
But will eventually, and they can charge you $5 a pop.
Because they're greedy fuckers, and they, you know.
You'll pay it.
Well, maybe not you specifically, but somebody will.
No, I'm not gonna pay it.
I'll just get one of their fucking, I don't know, I'll get something.
I'll use my PC!
Well, maybe you'll pay for this.
Super Bomberman R, which was a pretty successful Switch game, considering, you know, it was
a launch Bomberman title, it did pretty well.
It's actually gonna come out on other platforms, but this is interesting, each platform is
getting an exclusive character.
So Super Bomberman R is gonna be released for the Xbox One, with the little chibi Master
Chief will be added to the bombing arena.
And for the PlayStation 4, you get Ratchet, from Ratchet and Clank, we'll be joining that.
And again, this is pretty cool, on the PC, you will get Peabody, from Portal 2.
He was one of the co-op robots.
So Peabody from Portal will be an additional character in that game.
That's pretty neat.
So you can check that out with all the DLC and updates, of course, will be included in
that.
That's another thing they did very well with that.
June 12th is when they all come out, except the PC version is a day late.
But essentially that same week is when all those versions of Super Bomberman R come out.
Dark Sakura.
More stuff coming out.
Hamster is bringing stuff out to the Japanese eShop for Nintendo.
We have the ACA Neo Geo World Heroes 2 Jet and Moon Patrol will both be coming out on
March 22nd.
World Heroes is actually a really fun series.
It wasn't amazing, but it was really fun.
And then Bad Dudes vs. Dragon Ninja will be out for the Switch on March 21st, I guess
as the prelude.
But are you a bad enough dude to beat the Dragon Ninja?
Well, I know the line is usually, are you a bad enough dude to save the president?
And I'm just kind of going-
Why would you want to?
Do I want to?
Are you a bad enough dude to totally not give a shit about saving the president?
Why yes, we are.
And then Microsoft's E3 2018 press conference has a date that will be June 10th for those
who care.
I probably care more about that than I do about saving the president.
I probably care more about a stinky dog shit than the president.
Just saying.
Well I'm excited for Microsoft's press conference.
You know, again, I want to see what big stunts they pull this year, you know, what big exclusives
they're going to announce.
They got to put out a date for Crackdown 3.
That one keeps getting pushed back and back.
That's got to be this holiday.
They don't have any time left.
I've stopped caring.
Really?
Yeah.
It's taking too long.
All right.
I've got PC that can run it, so who gives a shit?
Yeah.
Well, yeah, there you go.
When it comes out, you'll get it on PC.
Of course you will.
Yeah.
That's still a win for Microsoft.
So.
All right.
Anyway-
Is it though?
Because I would have bought their system if they hadn't put it on PC.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
Loki.
All right.
So, coming out this week, we've got Assassin's Creed Rogue Remastered on PlayStation 4 and
Xbox One, Assault Gunners HD Edition on PC and PlayStation 4, Attack on Titan 2 on PC
Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
We have Sea of Thieves coming out this week on Windows 10 and Xbox One, Valkyria Chronicles
4 on PlayStation 4, Way Out on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, Detective Pikachu on the
3DS, and Bobby's new favorite game, Ni No Kuni 2, Revenant Kingdom is coming out this
week.
Mark your calendar, Bobby.
That is out on PC and PlayStation 4.
They do have a demo available.
Oh, do they?
I think so.
Oh, great.
Couldn't give it a whole other try there.
What a great wedding present for Bobby.
There you go.
And that's it for this week.
All right.
Moving on to Japan.
Let's get in a plane and travel to Japan and check out some of the releases they get this
week, including on the PlayStation 4.
Senju no Valkyria 4 comes out on the PlayStation 4.
And yeah, that is, I believe that is their version of Valkyria Chronicles.
Is that just like a reimagining of the old game or is this like a new one?
I didn't know there was a new one coming out.
I think it is a new one.
And yeah, it's Valkyria Chronicles 4, basically.
That's pretty cool.
So that's coming out on the PlayStation 4 this week.
Also, I guess that's it.
There's a whole new PlayStation 4 to support that coming out.
And that is the only release.
That's a pretty big deal, though.
Is that also on the Vita?
I'm asking myself, no, it is not.
But you can check out Ikemen Sengoku.
Toko o Kakeru Koi comes out this week on the PlayStation Vita, as is a game called Dance
with Devils, My Carol.
I don't know.
Is it like Carol Channing?
Like who?
Dance with Devils or is that like Carol is a song?
I don't know.
But anyway.
But Carol Channing is still kicking and I'm afraid for the world while she's still alive.
Every single screenshot is like some hetero anime couple dancing in a meadow.
And that's like all this is.
Oh, and then you got this guy in a cape because there's always some guy in a cape in these
anime games.
But he's in a cape, so you know he's cool and he's badass.
On the Nintendo Switch this week, let's see, Zelda Musou Hyrule All Stars comes out this
week.
That is probably a big release.
That, of course, is the Hyrule Warriors release on the Switch.
And then Pri Para All Idol Perfect Stage also out in Japan this week, because if you don't
have enough idol games to play, then you can check out this very pink and purple and OMG,
we're all very super quite happy to be here game where, oh, I thought she was playing
maracas in that screenshot first, but it turns out it just the background makes it look like
she's playing a heart, like she's shaking a valentine and that's how she plays the instrument.
I don't know.
The other one claps her hands.
That's a lot easier to follow.
I clap my hands.
I'm contributing too.
What's your role in the band?
I'm the clapper.
I clap my hands together.
How about the UK, Dark Sakura?
A few things.
We have on the 20th Sea of Thieves for looks like Xbox One and as well as the the big bundle
for it, Titan Quest Anniversary Edition for Xbox and PlayStation.
Also on the 20th, we have Assassin's Creed Rogue for Xbox and PlayStation.
We have AoT2 by Koei Tecmo on, that's Attack on Titan by the way, on PlayStation, Xbox
and Switch.
We have Detective Pikachu on the 23rd, which is going to be adorable.
We also have WWE 2K18 WrestleMania edition.
We have A Way Out.
I'd like a way out.
Ni No Kuni 2 Revenant Kingdom and that's it for this week.
All right, well then I think with those releases, it's time to jump into the mailbag.
No.
Yes.
Every week, you guys email us, participate at orangeloungeradio.com and no server issues
there.
Dark Sakura's going to dive into the mailbag and pick out her favorite emails, which really
is usually all the emails, unless you're a spammer.
She filters out the spam.
She sends the spam- I banish it to the sticky room.
Back to whence it came.
So here it is.
The emails, participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
Hello L.R. as they say, that's not how, that's not how YYR does it, Robert M. He does H-E-L-L
capital O-L-R instead of doing it as two words.
So just telling you if you're going to do it, do it right.
But clever of you to try.
One of the first YouTube videos I remember seeing was piano player Tom Briar, who I have
done for Fortune Cookie a few times, who was sadly incapacitated in the severe auto accident
sight reading an arrangement of KK Slider's KK Ragtime from Animal Crossing, which he
declared, that's cute.
Other Ragtime video game music he's included the themed Capcom's Ghosts and Goblins, the
athletic theme from Yoshi's Island, the piano version of the chirpy, barely dog song from
Undertale, which works shockingly well as a Ragtime composition.
What's your favorite other Ragtime video game themes?
Does anything from Cuphead fall into Ragtime?
The closest I can think of is a Dixieland themed winner take all music, and I'm not
sure that's Ragtime per se.
I'm sure Rob has several Commodore 64 games which explicitly use Joplin's music.
Speaking of the C64, I did see Jeff Gerstmann of Giant Bomb playing a fan made port of Bruce
Lee for the Sega Master System.
Okay, so Ragtime, Ragtime is just a style.
A song doesn't need to specifically be Ragtime to be able to be played in the Ragtime style.
And my favorite one to this day is another one of Tom Breyer's videos, where he does
the Super Mario World ending, and then just starts free, just completely using that theme
and doing his own variations on it, it was really good.
He also did, um, it's one of the other Super Mario World musics where, um, usually it's
on the ones where you have the little platforms that move across and you have to ride the
platforms on switch boxes and stuff.
I can't help but think of the old theme song to Hoard House, which is my favorite Ragtime
music.
And I don't, did people ever get the joke there?
Let me just, let me, you guys know the full name of the show was the best little Hoard
House in Azeroth, which, you know, the best little whorehouse in Texas.
So it was supposed to be like a Ragtime song to make you think of an old saloon where whores
are.
That was the joke.
I don't know.
So the Maple Leaf Rag was the theme to that show.
The Maple Leaf Rag is actually a classic.
I'm also a fan of Gershwin's Rialto Ripples from 1917, which I believe you can also hear
on the player piano at Disneyland.
You are absolutely right though, that a ton of Commodore 64 stuff would use like Ragtime
style music in their games.
Um, didn't Tapper use it in that game?
That's what I'm thinking of.
I could never really hear it the last few times I've played it cause it's at Calix stream.
I feel like it was, that's the game that comes to mind.
Of course, in the moment when I'm trying to think of something, I can't think of anything.
I know it was the background music in several games.
Like I remember there was this weird Commodore 64 game that we had that was like, you were
decorating a house and that's what it was, it was like a house decorating game.
And I think it was supposed to be something for like people that wanted to pretend that
they had a big old house to decorate cause you could decorate mansions and stuff.
And it would just play like Ragtime music in the background while you were working.
So I have no idea what that music had to do with house decorating, but that's what's coming
to my mind right now.
Loki, do you have any interest in Ragtime?
I have no idea what we're talking about.
I have no idea what Ragtime music is.
It's a style of music that's like, think of like old saloons, old westerns music.
It's more or less the style that was out between, I'd say 1910 and 1925.
My favorite genre of music?
No.
I have no idea.
I don't know.
Well, we've got to follow up to that email.
Okay.
And to start it off, I really need to stop having to do these follow up emails.
After another listen to the Cuphead soundtrack, the music to the forced follies level, one
of the first run and gun segments is clearly Ragtime.
That also is Robert M.
So next email comes from Chris.
Hello, OLR crew.
First thing I want to say is the call from Ronmo was a great perspective to hear on the
gaming slash gun control issue.
It was heartfelt, emotional and real.
Thanks Rob for letting the call go over.
You're welcome.
I think that was a really power.
I'm sorry you weren't here, Jamie, to hear it.
I think you would have really had a-
I was already sorry I wasn't here, but I'm extra sorry now.
I think you would have really had a lot to say on that piece, but we had a lot.
We had a lot of callers share some very, very powerful stuff.
It was a bonding by the campfire night for sure.
So I had no problem letting that go on.
Well, next I wanted to say thank you for giving us podcasts all these years.
I've been listening for a long time and I've enjoyed your real takes on subjects that other
gaming podcasts don't.
Last week was a great episode.
My question, however, is something that all gaming podcasts go over, but I still find
interesting to hear every time.
I wanted to ask you, what do you think we will see from E3 this year and what do you
hope gets announced?
Oops.
Sorry, I went early.
I'm excited to finally see the Kingdom Hearts 3 release date.
I also want to hear more about the Spyro trilogy, Smash Brothers, and maybe that Avengers game
from Crystal Dynamics.
I'm expecting to see a 2019 release date for The Last of Us Part II and a wild prediction
I'll throw out there for Microsoft as the new Banjo Kazooie so that they can win back
fans.
Once again, thanks for producing these shows and helping me get through my early morning
commutes.
Also, I sincerely hope the next console generation won't fuck us over.
That's Chris.
Thanks for the email, Chris.
What I'd like to see is something meaningful for VR.
I think necessarily, even on PC, or any VR platform actually, there hasn't really been
like that game that you can kind of define this is why I need VR type of thing.
There's a lot of fun games to play, but Sony I don't think has any big first party games
that are like, wow, that's like, this sold me the VR platform type thing.
I would like to see something like that.
Although I do enjoy playing everything that's on there, it's just, you know, more is better.
Well, I told you my big thing earlier about what I would dare Microsoft to do.
I would say outside of that, something I was thinking about today, so I was randomly watching
footage of Final Fantasy XV from PC.
I was rewatching the ending actually of Final Fantasy XV and I, you know, with all the problems
that game had, and there were problems, the ending to that game was really fucking good.
And that's something Final Fantasy games don't always get right.
And again, I'm not going to spoil, but you can probably figure out what happens.
It's a Final Fantasy game.
Of course, you know, it ends.
Everyone dies.
No one lives.
Well, I can't really tell you.
But anyway, it's such a fucking good ending in Final Fantasy XV.
It had me thinking, why are we hearing about Final Fantasy XVI yet?
Where's the news on Final Fantasy XVI?
I know, yes, I know about the VII remake and where is that and all that good stuff.
But I mean, if you logically think about it, okay, Kingdom Hearts III is going to be the
Christmas game this year because they've already said 2018.
So that's that.
So I would imagine maybe Final Fantasy VII remake is going to be like the winner release
next year, hopefully, hopefully, or at least episode one or whatever.
I think it's I think it's time to tease us a little bit with that number 16.
Let's see.
Let's see at least what direction they're going in.
And I'm...
If they're out of ideas.
Please, prayer circle with me, everybody.
Everybody out there.
Everybody out there in podcast land.
I'd like you to join hands and prayer circle with me here.
Final Fantasy XVI, please take it back to the Final Fantasy roots.
I want my black mages to look like black mages.
My white mages look like white mages, red mages.
I want the feather in their cap.
Final Fantasy IX.
Like that.
Like, remember that?
That's that's like what I want in Final Fantasy XVI.
What about Final Fantasy...
That style.
But, you know, new story.
What about like Final Fantasy VI?
I'm totally OK with that.
I wish VI was what they were remaking instead of VII.
More like steampunk magic stuff, you know, than like this is the future and future.
I am totally OK with that.
Totally fine with that.
All right.
There's there's my my prediction or whatever.
I'll just take a remake of Final Fantasy VI in the Final Fantasy XV engine.
Yes.
Would be fucking amazing.
Just make a new game in XV's engine to save you time.
I want a Metroid game that doesn't suck.
You want what?
I want a Metroid game.
A new Metroid game that doesn't suck.
Well, there is Metroid Prime 4.
I know.
Or do you want a 2D game?
I say...
I want a 2D game.
Go for a 2D game.
Go for a WarioWare Shake It or no, Wario Land Shake It, because that was a gorgeous
like hand drawn 2D game.
And have them do like a, you know, a nice Metroid game or even hell, was it the company
has been doing all the like, was it the one that did DK and what else do they do?
Like I can't remember the name of the company now.
Think Retro is in the title.
Yeah.
RetroWare or something like that.
Have them do one.
Oh, I want.
And Jamie, you're going to agree with me on this.
The guys that did Blaster Master Zero.
Yes.
I want it.
Is it Arc?
Is that who's what was the name of the company that did Blaster Master Zero?
I want that company doing a Guardian Legend game.
Yes.
But what is Compile done lately?
I think they do like anime games in Japan.
They don't do anything that's released here really.
And they're Compile Heart.
Compile owns, has the Puyo Puyo still, the Puyo Puyo license, at least they're the company
that put out Puyo Puyo.
Oh, so is that their thing now?
Oh, Inti Creates.
They, I had to look it up who the company was that made the game.
And now I'm looking, they've been around a while Inti Creates actually made like Mega
Man Zero on the Game Boy Advance, Galgun and Galgun 2 are their more recent releases there.
Mighty Gunvolt is something else they did.
Mighty No. 9 is something we forgive them for.
Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures.
But anyway, so yeah, I want them doing a Guardian Legend game please, thank you.
So last email.
Yes.
Hello, LR.
That, by the way, is how it works.
Oh, is it YYR?
It's YYR.
Of course it is.
I've been busy, so I fell a week behind on OLR.
Now that I've listened to the last two shows over the past few weeks, I've got a lot to
say.
So this long-winded guy will try for some rapid fire responses.
First off, thanks Jamie, oh you're welcome, for highlighting the Negecon, remember we
had to learn how to say it, Negecon, one of my all-time favorite controllers.
One great thing about it that wasn't mentioned were the two analog face buttons.
They came up far beyond the surface of the controller and had a long travel distance,
making it easy to step on the gas or brake exactly as far as you wanted.
One more thing to note, at the time the Negecon released, it was the only available option
for handheld analog control, as the dual shock and the dual analog controller that preceded
it were still two years away.
Rob, you mentioned a new first-person shooter made with the old build engine, releasing
on Steam at $17.99, and you questioned the price tag.
I will only respond with a simple question, have you ever paid more than $18 for a 2D
pixel art game?
If your answer is yes, perhaps you'll agree with me when I say old engine 3D game could
be the next 2D pixel art game if the audience turns out to be there.
I'm gonna say yes, but they weren't first-person shooters.
That's the difference.
Next up, I'm sorry that I can't remember who said it, but a comment from chat said something
like SNES Classic is impossible to get.
I just wanted to say that it's actually not.
A few weeks ago at my local Best Buy in Hartsdale, New York, one was simply sitting there in
the Nintendo section, so don't give up, check your stores.
I've actually been watching it online because I check maybe at least once a week just to
see what the secondary markets look like, like eBay and stuff, and I've actually seen
some NES classics that are, someone's like, okay, it's barely used, $70, just get it out
here.
I mean, so they're starting to come down.
I also wanted to congratulate both Rob and Loki for the weight loss progress that they
mentioned last week.
Awesome job, keep it going.
Thanks.
I will go ahead and say now, I'm not going to go too much into detail, but since October
last year, I have dropped 67 pounds, so we're all losers in this room.
As I sit here and sip on this Frappuccino.
Yeah, that was all excess.
With non-fat milk.
Mr. Smooch isn't a loser.
No, I love Mr. Smooch.
He's got a little belly on him.
He's gotten fatter since we adopted him.
Yeah.
I don't know if you know, he's got fat.
He got some tummy.
That's all right.
That's okay.
Kitty Pudge is cute.
And, but yeah, 67, I kind of almost fainted.
Congrats.
Thank you.
So what was your, what was your success?
Oh, you had, I've lost 10 pounds since a few weeks ago.
Cool.
Loki.
It's been actually two months.
Congrats.
I am proud of you guys.
Thank you.
And now I want to speculate as to why WART has not come back.
Well, we've lost count of how many times Bowser has shown up.
I want to hear this.
It's not because they killed him.
It was because he never actually existed to begin with.
Remember it was all a dream.
Well, if you tell me, well, that was, what about Shy Guy?
Just recall that real life things appear in dreams all the time.
See?
You just gave the answer I was going to give.
Dreams are based in reality.
However, the original incarnation of WART was not in an actual real dream.
It was supposed to be that they were kidnapped into the.
That's true.
Cause they stole all that from doki doki panic.
Precisely.
Hmm.
Good call.
So WART is the dead emperor of his own dimension.
I just think that Bowser has never been killed.
Where WART, that was a dead frog.
Sorry.
That, that was dead fog.
Well, crunchy frog.
Nothing is ever really dead in a Mario game.
Come on.
But WART is.
Wah.
I think they get the frog suit from wearing his skin.
On the question of why Luigi's Mansion remake is coming to 3DS and not to the Switch.
I remember hearing that one of the things the developers wanted for the original game
was 3D.
This is now possible, but not on Switch.
So maybe that's why.
Okay.
But like you could have done it.
They don't ever use 3D in the 3DS anymore.
You could have done it five years ago.
Come on.
I think it's because they have the engine for the last game and they can just port it
over to that engine.
But you know what?
Wah.
Yeah.
That's how you, that's how you, that's how you get me to buy it.
Wah Luigi's Mansion.
I wouldn't have, I wouldn't have said a god damn thing if it was Wah Luigi's Mansion.
I would have been like, oh cool, we're getting 3DS for another year so we can get Wah Luigi's
Mansion.
Fuck yeah, I'm in.
Just Wah Luigi running around shitting himself.
Ghost comes out.
Wah.
He is the ghost.
He's haunting people.
That's the plot twist.
Is it like, Wah Luigi's exploring the mansion trying to figure out.
Wah.
Who shit the bed.
And he's exploring the mansion trying to figure out who shit the bed.
And then at the end he realizes.
It was him.
It was, in fact it was him.
So you're suggesting like an It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia plot with Wah Luigi and Wario
and.
Why wouldn't I suggest that?
That's perfect.
Calm down.
Okay, so there's a little bit more to this email.
Alright.
On the big violence slash political discussion that ended last week's episode, I will only
add one thing.
I totally agree with the point that Congress is overwhelmingly made up of crotchety old
people who don't understand gaming at all.
Only two words can fix this.
Term and limit.
I wish there was some way this could happen because it's desperately needed.
Sigh.
And for the record, I'd greatly agree with you.
Here's how you do it.
You vote for somebody else.
Yeah, vote.
And you know what I think is amazing, that's pointed out, is that all of these kids that
have walked out marching will either, you know, especially the upperclassmen, will be
able to vote this year.
Or will be able to register to vote this year.
And again, I'm going to watch very carefully not to get too political.
So please, Jamie, I will say here in this very state, we are watching what's happening
with Dianne Feinstein.
And she's been in there forever.
And there are people, and I have not decided where I'm voting in that yet.
I want to hear more about the different positions.
But she is facing a real challenge right now from somebody else.
And so in some ways, that is almost the term limits thing kind of playing it out.
This challenger is another Democrat.
It's Kevin de Leon, is his name, he was a former speaker here, is challenging Dianne
Feinstein.
And when they did the poll at the Democratic convention or whatever, he actually got more
votes.
It wasn't enough to give him an endorsement.
But you're definitely watching this whole, like, some people...
The old guard needs to be removed.
Yeah.
People feel that Dianne Feinstein, you know, thank you for your service, but it's time
for somebody else.
Again, I don't know where I'm at yet myself.
I'm just noticing this is in the news.
Yeah.
And last but not least, Rob, I noticed that you asked for super multitasking on Switch
twice.
I sure did.
On both last week's episode and the one before it.
I'm honored that you would love to have such a thing.
But until there is a demonstrated demand for versions that are currently available, I'm
sorry to say it's not possible.
So if you're listening and you want this thing, please support the game on Steam by playing
and especially reviewing it.
Thank all of you for your continued support.
Okay, back to work on an update.
I hope you all have a great week.
Have fun.
Aaron Yyr.
I totally respect Aaron, because I know this thing is a labor of love and all that stuff.
And he has stuff going on in his personal life, too.
So let me just say, as much as I'm...
I'm going to continue to beg and plead for it, and that's just the way it's going to
be.
I totally respect your reasoning.
You're right.
Like, if it's not selling like crazy on Steam, as it deserves to be, then why would you take
the effort to make a Switch version?
So again, y'all should check out Super Multitask.
I'm telling you, if you're a streamer, it's fun.
Everyone play it at least once, all at the same time.
Yeah, and it's a great streaming game.
I don't know why this has not caught wildfire on streams.
Picking what does and doesn't go viral is so weird to me.
I almost wonder if this is one of those games that just isn't going to get discovered for
like six months or something.
I don't know.
We'll see.
Um, I was going to say, I wonder, you know, with all the E3 stuff around the corner, I
wonder how much money we'd have to give Danny DeVito to cosplay as Detective Pikachu during
the Nintendo Direct event that time.
Can they give him that kind of money, please?
Because I would love to see that.
All right, well, never say never, I suppose.
All right.
Is that it for emails?
That's it.
Stephanie.
All right.
Participate at orangelauntrader.com if you want to get in on the emails next week.
But for now, we're back to the news with Loki.
Ah, yes.
So unfortunately, you know, we did talk a little bit about how Toys R Us was going to
be closing some of its stores, um, soon.
Well, now it's become all of its stores because they're unable to secure a buyer for it.
And so unfortunately, they will be closing all of its 735 stores in the US.
I believe, though, in Canada, those stores are getting purchased by another company and
will stay on as Toys R Us.
So Toys R Us still lives on in the great nation of Canada, but just not over here in the United
States.
So yeah, that's so depressing, because that's like a huge piece of gaming history, a huge
piece of my childhood right there just kind of gone away.
And I know that a lot of the reason that they haven't done well is because of just other
companies, you know, being like, you know, Target or Walmart and stuff like that, having
their own toy departments, but I don't know, even those don't have like the breadth of
selection that, you know, Toys R Us has.
It's not the same. And I guess there's online stuff, but yeah, it's not going to be as fun
as going into a store and actually being able to check everything out.
I don't think it's online so much as it's Walmart and Target have really put a dent
in it.
And I think Toys R Us has just been like extremely mismanaged, like they're not paying their
employees competitively, so they're not attracting the, you know, level of talent you need.
They're not like they're just they're just they're Toys R Us is stuck in the 90s in more
ways than when I talk about these fascinating, wow, I went to a Toys R Us today and it's
still stuck in like the 1990s.
That's not necessarily a compliment like and that's the same thing that I felt about Kmart.
And now those are like all at least in this area, they're like completely gone in this
area.
And there's one like in Auburn, maybe.
Yeah, it's probably another time machine up there.
Well, the thing that really just grinds me over this one is that the the CEO and upper
management are making it out with all of this bonus money that they've been approved to
receive yet long term full time employees are getting zero severance and no extension
of benefits.
Bobby Blackwell also points this out about Toys R Us.
I know he talked about that a little bit on his show about this, but Bain Capital and
two other partners bought Toys R Us for six point six billion, but borrowed five point
three billion of it and stuck it on Toys R Us debt they had to pay down and they can
never pay it down.
Toys R Us was in the black when they got bought.
So basically these investors purchased it up, stuck the debt on the company and never
recovered.
So shitty.
So why are these people getting the huge dollar payouts?
Because the government's letting him do it.
Who's in charge of the government right now?
Corporations?
Pretty much.
We are.
Look out.
We'll take it back.
They're supposed to work for us.
So speaking of blasts from the past, since we're talking about Toys R Us, guess what's
planning to return maybe since Toys R Us is going away?
KB Toys.
Really?
OK.
Awesome.
So KB Toys, which used to be like the toy store that was in every single mall.
Sure.
Might be coming back.
So that's kind of interesting.
Basically there's a company, Strategic Brands LLC, they said that they were going to save
the toy industry and basically their plans to resurrect KB Toys.
So well, that's good.
The malls could use something because they could.
I'm worried the malls are going to be the next thing to go in many places.
Some of these malls around here.
Yeah.
Like I don't how is Sunrise still in business?
Jesus.
I don't know.
But then what are they going to do?
That's a huge chunk of land.
Like what do you do with it?
Turn to a shopping center.
Oh yeah.
Build a sports arena.
Yeah.
But it's a local joke.
Sacramento joke.
No.
They could build like a shopping center or something.
That's what they did with like the Birdcage member and Birdcage is a pretty awesome shopping
center.
They got rid of it for like, you know, Best Buy.
Kids of Sacramento, pull up a chair.
I'm going to get local here for a minute.
The rest of y'all just hear me out here because you probably had a place like this in your
town.
They have this awesome little outdoor shopping mall here called the Birdcage.
It does still exist, but they basically bulldoze the old one completely and built a new one
from the ground up.
So the old one was awesome because it had a dollar theater that showed Rocky Horror
Picture Show at midnight for years and years.
That's where I first started to go to it.
It had a bowling alley, which was rad.
It also had an arcade for the longest time.
And it was like the game room, the game room.
And it was like the fucking arcade.
Like that is where the competitive street fighter, Dan took me.
That was everything.
And that's when they added like the game room spin.
They had a spin off of it in Folsom, too, that we did a tournament out.
We did.
Yeah.
That was actually, I think, where they moved the Birdcage one to.
They did.
Yeah.
That was.
It wasn't necessarily a spin off.
So it was like cheaper rent in Folsom.
I thought they were both open at the same time because I swear.
For a very brief period of time.
Yeah.
So anyway.
But long story short, they bulldozed the theaters.
The parking lot became a Best Buy.
The fucking old bowling alley is like a shoe store now.
It's all gone.
All the good stuff's gone.
This is sad.
You know what else the Birdcage had?
Montgomery Ward.
Did it?
Yeah.
That's where the target is now.
I was Montgomery Ward's back in the day when the the Walmart on Arden was a Montgomery
Ward as well.
Yeah.
And he still has the escalator in it with the buggy escalator.
Actually the Walmart on Arden.
I don't know.
You mean Watt and El Camino.
Yeah.
It's gone.
They close that Walmart's gone.
Is it?
It is closed because the Sam's went under.
And that is one of the very few Walmarts there that close.
But that Walmart was trash.
That Walmart was trash.
It was a diseased asshole of a wall rash.
Like the only reason you would go to that Walmart is that cool elevator with the shopping
cart.
So you can put in the elevator.
Which was there in the Montgomery Ward.
Yes.
So later, you mean?
Yeah.
That's not sorry.
The escalator.
Otherwise that that was like rash.
But now they have a scary.
But the new Winco across the street is pretty cool.
And they are building a new movie theater.
It's one of the it's the studio movie girl.
People are opening it.
That's awesome.
It's going in where the Macy's used to be across the street.
Anyway, there's your local news from Sacramento's number two gaming podcast.
No.
We are second to none.
But yeah, they've speaking of the KB Toys thing.
So getting back to that, they've already started kind of putting the groundwork in
there.
They have open invitations, I guess, to people to join up.
And they've even registered the main KB Toys stores or toys store.
So interesting.
It'll be neat to see something happen.
We do need something to fill the void, I think.
I is sad that someone's not going to come in and just buy them up.
I don't know if it's possible.
They could just let the whole company go down and then bring back a new company under the
name Toys R Us.
So they own the debt or something.
But they probably can't do that.
I'm trying to think of that's happened before, though.
I feel like that's happened that like another company did that, like liquidate everything
and just start from I circuit cities coming back.
I heard that, too.
Yeah.
And that would be an example of something like that, too.
You know, but anyway, we'll see what happens.
I would think, though, with toys.
I mean, yes, I know online is a big component.
But like, you know, toys are meant to be played with.
And I think there's something about getting to play with toys to see what it is that you
get.
The reason online, I think, is so popular, too, is you go into these places like Wal-Mart
and Target.
They don't have everything there.
Yeah.
Like you go like looking for something like, for example, I look for Legos a lot of times
and I can't find what I'm looking for in the store.
I have to go to like Toys R Us or something like Toys R Us is a lot of times they charge
over retail for things.
So that's another problem that they had.
It's just it is going to be online for a lot of because people get pushed to online
because it's just easier, because the pricing is more competitive and it's just more available.
All right, well, let's move on to talking about Xbox avatars.
That's right.
You may remember this was actually announced at last E3, but Microsoft is finally getting
around to some new Xbox avatars.
They're going to be coming out in April for everybody.
But you get a little bit early if you're an Xbox insider.
And then in May, there's going to be a brand new avatar filled stores.
So lots new props and clothing.
I guess you're going to be able to like ride a unicorn and shit, which actually is really
cool.
So that's all stuff that's going to be coming out of the new avatars.
But I think it's also important to point out that like the new avatars that are coming
out, there's going to be really, really detailed customization and there's going to be more
like diversity, meaning you can have a avatar in a wheelchair.
You can have an avatar of the prosthetic limb.
You can have a pregnant woman avatar if you want.
So they are definitely thinking about what can we do besides just like generic dude and
generic girl?
Like what are some other body types?
Yeah, I wish Nintendo would do that with the Miis because the Miis, they were neat at first,
but it's kind of just, it's worn.
It's welcome.
Yeah.
They're very dated at this point.
So like do something like this.
It'd be pretty awesome.
Yeah.
Well, kudos to Microsoft.
I'm excited to check it out.
It's really cool that they are definitely including more people by, you know, just thinking
about different body types than just, you know, again, generic dude and generic girl.
So and if I remember right, is Microsoft the one where all the clothes went genderless?
So if you want to be a male body type, but wear female clothes, whatever, like it wasn't
micro.
Didn't Microsoft do that?
Am I crazy?
I thought I remember hearing something about that where they removed the gender restriction
on all the clothes, which you know what, y'all?
It's that this is the world we live in now.
So all right, let's move on to our soccer.
You got something else for us?
Yeah, I do.
I know.
And from what I understand, there was that big, massive discussion last week, but I'm
going to bring it up because yet another study has come out saying that video games do not
make kids violent.
And this one, I actually stopped and read the study, but it was there was basically
a series of them.
There's one from molecular psychology that spoke of German researchers that had three
groups of typically non-gaming healthy volunteers, 77 in total, for the study.
Each group was given questionnaires and personality assessments right at the start.
And then for the next two months, one group was told to play 30 minutes of GTA 5 and another
one played Sims 3.
The third group, as a control, got told to come back two months later for a second round
of identical tests.
And the other two groups did the same thing.
So basically your third group is your control group.
So after the study, they said that they did not find any relevant negative effects in
response to violent video games.
In fact, the only three tests of the 208 statistical tests performed showed significant interaction
pattern that would be in line with this hypothesis, since at least 10 significant effects would
be expected purely by chance.
We concluded there were no detrimental effects of video game, of video game play.
And that's the quote.
So again, people got a tree trunk up their ass and are looking for a scapegoat.
Stop!
It's so cute.
You think politicians are going to listen to facts and science?
No one.
They don't.
They make up their own facts and science.
Just stop.
It's fine.
Vote them out.
It won't get any traction because people, they let them have their comments and stuff,
but it's just...
Here's another thing that I think is very beneficial.
Here's the situation we're in now that we weren't in in the 90s.
Here's the situation we're in now.
Most people, like pretty much anybody mid 40s or younger, and then some, and certainly
if you are older than your mid 40s, this might apply to you as well, but just about everybody
under 40 grew up with video games.
You know what I mean?
Video games have been a part of our culture because we all fucking grew up on Super Mario
Brothers.
And all the more reason why we need younger people in these political offices because
I think a lot of people don't get it.
It's things that they're voting on and stuff that they really don't get, like net neutrality.
They don't fucking understand what that is or video games and violence is that they don't
understand or care because they're getting paid not to care about these issues and that's
a problem.
We need more intelligent people in these positions.
I'll fucking say it.
I'm a fucking say it.
Baby boomers need to stop running the country.
They just all need to stop period.
You know what?
Although I will say a better solution would be for all of us to work together, but it
needs to not just be one generation and need to actually do something.
Don't just go, Oh, I'm not going to vote cause it doesn't do anything.
Me.
Well then you don't have the ability to complain about it.
We'll just form the new political party of the Waluigi, the Waluigi party where our stance,
the color purple is available, where you have the, we're, you know, we're purple States
and you know, and, and then that way we'll just, you know, if someone's saying something
stupid, you just respond back to him.
Exactly.
Perfect.
Video games cause violence and you just a few more stories for you guys.
Then we're going to get to the Skype line, which, you know, hopefully somebody still
out there.
Uh, Loki.
So the team behind, uh, the capital wasteland project, which is basically a mod to import
fallout three inside the fallout four engine has been canceled because of some conversations
that they had with Bethesda regarding some of the legality of the project.
So what the main concern was is they were looking to use some of the, um, audio, well,
the audio from the game because they didn't want to recreate it because they felt it would
lose some of the impact because, you know, they had really big names in the original
game.
Um, you know, Liam Neeson, Malcolm McDonald, that type of stuff.
So they decided that because they weren't able to do that and it was kind of what they
were doing is sketchy as hell to basically just continue working on this project to import
the game into the engine.
So it's unfortunate they said they wouldn't, you know, have you decided to rerecord the
audio?
I mean, that would have been 90,000 lines of dialogue.
So that's a lot, um, that's too bad, but maybe they'll give Bethesda an excuse to rerelease
the game in the fallout four engine or something like that.
So it would have been cool to see that.
I guess it makes sense though, that the voice acting kind of gets into a, you know, they
deserve to get paid their residuals and all that, especially when you have fine with it
up to that point.
But then, you know, once you start getting into that, it's like, that might be licensed
differently and it's like, eh, can't really do that.
All right.
Well, and lastly tonight, a story about Tomb Raider to bring it full circle, but this isn't
about the movie.
It's about the original games, the original games.
That's right.
The Tomb Raider trilogy remasters are on their way to PC.
Here's the thing though, is that the Tomb Raider games, they are on steam, but I guess
it's just through like emulation and stuff.
They're not the greatest, uh, translations in the world.
So there are remasters coming for the three games.
And if you did buy the old games on steam, you'll be able to get these for free.
So that's pretty cool.
Uh, a company named Realtek VR put these together.
It will run at 10 ADP and 60 frames a second, but, and of course there's a catch here.
This is Square Enix, right?
These remasters, they're based on the mobile versions of the game.
Oh fuck them.
Seriously.
Right to hell.
And we'll just leave it at that.
Let's just not, let's just put new effort into it.
Fuck this.
We'll make some more money.
No, fuck them in their fucking mobile ports.
Fuck them in their mobile port.
All right.
You know what?
We do have to have a fuse though, Rob.
Oh, that's right.
Cause you need to get, well, you know what?
And I don't even know if we're going to be able to get calls tonight.
I am going to say Skype line is open orange launch radio, all one word on Skype.
If you want to get through, it may be a way for you to actually hear the show is by being
on it.
But meantime, dark soccer says, you know what?
I got something I need to get off my chair.
I got something to say.
So we have to get to some FUs of the week tonight, which, uh, I, Oh my God, I don't
have the music.
We haven't done it in so long.
That's okay.
I'll just say it.
Here, here, you know what?
You can have, since this character's come up a lot tonight, we'll do, uh, we'll do this
for the FUs of the week.
If it will.
Oh God.
Don't do this to me.
There you go.
Fuck those shady bitches for not putting Shangela against Trixie.
No, no, I would know you are not allowed to do that.
That is the producer's fault.
Those Queens are not at fault.
The producers, the ones that take the heat for that.
I disagree.
Importantly.
You are not, you should not be putting blame on the, because I think that it wasn't them.
I don't think it was the producers.
The producers made them do it.
Where has it said that?
They should not have had that jury vote in the first place.
That's my point.
But ultimately it was their decision.
The producers put them to it, but they made the decisions.
I anybody who attacks one of those Queens, I will fight you.
I'm not attacking them.
I'm just saying that it was really shady.
I will say this.
I will say this in a, in a nice, calm manner.
Aja has come out and said since then that she regrets like now that she's seen what
we've all seen.
She says in the moment it was a lot different than it is on TV.
But I still think that it should have been Shangela and Trixie.
And as I said on my Facebook, I'm not angry at the winner.
I'm angry at the process that, that put her there.
Make sense?
Yes.
And, but Shangela was the big front runner.
I think even RuPaul looked absolutely floored by it.
I mean, did it, was it just me or was it like this long, longing look as Shangela walked
to the back, Rob?
Yes.
But I will say in Shangela's favor, she took it like the class act she is.
Stood there and cheered her sisters on.
She's going to have a huge career.
They all will.
Kennedy's here on Thursday, by the way.
I'm considering going to that.
But I just want to say that, you know, that is the way that you, you take the step back
with grace.
And so, well done.
And congratulations to Trixie on a win.
Trixie is a great queen.
Trixie deserved it.
You know, if Shangela hadn't been there.
All right.
I, it's only fair to check in with Logie at FUs of the Week.
No.
I don't have anything so far.
And my FU of the Week goes to, um, just the fact that tomorrow's Monday and I have a short
week, which is a good thing, but I got to get through the week to get there.
All right.
We're going to turn our attention to the Skyline.
I'm sorry.
I've seen some calls coming in and I missed them because I wanted to, I wanted Jamie to
get her appropriate rant out of her system.
We wouldn't want that to bottle up over three weeks, but I do believe I see a call coming
in.
So let's get to it.
Hi.
You are on Orange Knowledge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, everybody.
It's Ronma.
Hey, Ronma.
What's up, buddy?
Not much, Rob.
Sit down.
Let's get some coffee.
We need to talk.
You're in luck.
I'm sitting.
Do it, coffee.
Will you give us a topic?
Yes.
Rhode Island.
It's neither a road or an island.
Discuss.
But it's a very nice time of the year to visit.
It is.
No.
Um, the whole talk of Toys R Us going away, the return of KB Toys.
This is not a follow up to my discussion from last week, but it's more like the stores
that we used to go to as a kid.
I mean, you mentioned Montgomery Wards.
I mean, I don't remember one in my neck of the woods, but we had consumers and that's
where I bought all of my frickin' video games from.
I bought Killer Instinct at Montgomery Ward.
You know what?
You know what this boils down to, Ronma?
Getting old sucks.
Who are you trying to kid?
Getting old sucks because you know what, someday there's going to be, you know, some
of the kids today, there's going to be some 18 year old listening to this show who when,
you know, he or she gets to be 40 years old, the conversation is going to be like, remember
when people used to go to gas stations?
Remember when gas station, remember when cars ran on gas?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Back to the future too.
Remember when we had to lace our shoes?
Remember when we used to use hands to play video games?
Remember when cars didn't fly?
So I mean, that's, that's the thing, Ronma, it's just, it's just getting old sucks.
Like the stuff that used to be, and I'm sure, I'm sure there's stuff our parents would talk
about that, you know, we never heard of.
I'm trying to think of like stores that were-
A party line.
A lot, oh.
I know, we had party lines and the extra long phone cable, remember?
We did have party lines, but they were-
You'd get the extra long phone cable and hide in the bathroom so no one could hear you trust your friends.
I do, remember, remember cordless phones?
Who remembers when the-
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, they still sell them.
Remember when the police were like outside my door?
What is, are we getting swatted?
Rotary phones.
Jesus Christ, hold on.
I want to see what's happening outside.
Can you guys have a call?
Okay.
Well, what other things do we remember from when we were kids?
I remember the Fairchild Channel F and how much the controller blew.
Jamie, when did Rob become such a nosy little bitch?
Well, it is quite literally like right outside the door, it's really loud.
Fair enough, fair enough, fair enough.
Yeah, and Rob is a concerned neighbor.
It is not, they went by, I actually think, you know how there's like the big street,
like two streets, I think they were pulled over there.
Gotcha.
So it's nothing.
But it was at least a couple of cars.
Yeah, you could, dang, you could hear that though.
Sorry, just live radio.
If it's not the stream cutting out, it's the police showing up.
What can you do?
Here's one.
Remember Radio Shack?
Sorry, I'm loving some of these comments in our chat at live.vognetwork.com.
Kossin in chat says, we'll mention stuff and kids will be like, what the hell is Hollywood video?
Tigerclaw says, remember beepers?
Bobby Blackwell says, remember when you had to pull your phone out of your pocket to look something up?
You know what, no, I remember, it was on one of those like Buzzfeed things too,
but like someone had said like, my kid just asked me why we say hang up the phone.
Bobby Blackwell says, remember when you could listen to a radio stream and not have it cut out every 20 seconds?
No.
Canceled, this show is canceled.
Fuck that comment, good night.
Remember when people could just pass all the demos that they played?
Remember when the snozzberries tasted like snozzberries?
I remember, you remember? I remember.
Ted Bridge Farm remembers.
Anyway, sorry Rama, was there something else you were trying to get across?
It's all good tonight, it's all good tonight, you know?
It is all good.
We're talking about stuff from our childhood that we're probably not going to see again.
I would love to see Toys R Us make a comeback.
I mean, there is, we got KB that's coming back, I saw the press release for that.
Circuit City is making a comeback, you know?
It's like I said, it's gotten to the point where the big box stores aren't cutting it anymore.
These little specialty stores is where the money is at now.
I'd like to see Toys R Us come back as a small, not a boutique, but like a basic store, two or three floors, basic selection of stuff.
Yeah, you know, there was a tiny Toys R Us, you know what the full smell is? They have like a small Toys R Us.
It was a clear out store, but it's not there anymore.
Actually, it was there two weeks ago when Dan and I went.
Really?
And they had apparently just really expensive stuff in there.
Guess what, y'all, it wasn't there last time.
It ain't going to be there much longer.
Actually, or it might because they're clearing out everything.
Yeah, maybe. But anyway, I just think of that store because it's actually really small.
I believe, ironically, it was a KB Toys when those outlets first opened.
Yes, it was.
The main thing I remember about KB Toys is because it was like one of the places I could buy Master System games brand new for like ten bucks.
I always remember KB Toys being fucking thrashed every time I went in there.
Oh, I remember.
It was just destroyed.
I remember the bin full of Atari 2600 games.
I remember getting all this stuff there.
We went to a KB once, like right before they closed down.
And we went through every stack of their PlayStations until we found the one that still had the IO port on it.
Because our PlayStation, we had to put it tilted sideways to get it to play right.
So we got the last of the IO ports that that one carried.
Nice.
Out of like 50 that we checked the serial number on, we got one.
Azet in chat says, this might be a local thing, but who remembers wishing well?
I'm not wishing well.
There's still one around.
There's what? There's still a wishing well?
I think so.
Not the one over by Madison.
No, that's gone.
By strings and by the bowling alley.
Yeah, that one's still there?
I don't know. I haven't been there since I haven't been to the gym there.
No, I'm pretty sure that wishing well is long gone.
Wishing well is basically Party City, but it was cooler.
Because they had the giant bins of like party favors.
That was the coolest part of wishing well.
I think that was a local chain, though.
I don't think wishing well existed really outside NorCal.
That sounds kind of familiar, but I'm not too sure.
Because I mentioned in the chat earlier, I remember as a kid seeing commercials for a chain called Lionel Kitty City,
and the mascot was a kangaroo.
And I'm probably the only person that remembers that.
And I think that might have also been a local chain or something, you know?
It's interesting to me how everything that's successful now is a national chain.
That's what's disappearing is local shit.
It's disappearing big time.
With few exceptions.
Sorry, East Coast. In-N-Out Burger just doesn't want to be a thing, I guess.
Wait, hold on. In-N-Out Burger is now available in the Midwest.
Texas, right? Has it gone further than that?
Colorado.
Oh, it's still pretty west.
It's still Midwest. It still means it's closer to me.
And I have friends in Colorado who have been trying to get me to come out there and visit again.
Fair enough. We don't have Waffle House, so it happens.
Well, people should be bringing me some grits.
But we are getting a Cracker Barrel, but that place is overrated as fuck.
I do like the fried catfish.
But anyway, there are, though, in Berkeley, there were a few mom and pop toy stores that had educational toys and old style wooden toys and things like that.
And I thought that was really cool.
They still have those. There's a big one by us in the Nimbus Winery, which is not really a winery. It's just an indoor mall thing.
Shopping center, yeah.
They've got one that's got a bunch of toys and all the educational stuff.
Oh, yeah.
They still have the Learning Company over by Mongolia Barbecue in Roseville.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah. Anyway.
All right, well, Rama, anything else besides memory lane you want to talk about tonight?
No, not really. I just wanted to talk about that cool stuff.
So, the moral of the story is you're old, but so are we.
Yeah, and sometimes going old is not really a bad thing.
And if you call me an exennial, I will beat your face in.
I absolutely hate that term. You are not exennial. You are Generation X. You earned that title and you take that title to your grave.
Rama, I don't believe in labels, actually. I don't think you can label me because I'm a special snowflake.
And so, I reject your labels.
So, I mean, I have to take off the fabulous label as well?
Oh, no, that one I'll take.
Wait, you said you don't do labels. So, you can't have the fabulous one too.
You are not. That's it, sir. That's it, sir. If you are going to bring logic and analysis and facts into this, I'm hanging up on you.
I love you, Rama. I fucking love you.
Hugs and kisses. Bye.
Bye.
All right. Orange Lounge Radio. All one word on Skype.
I should cut that out. And that should be the clip of Orange Lounge Radio.
Sir, if you're going to bring facts and analysis on this program, you need to leave.
That should be every video game podcast.
Except Bobby. Bobby's show really is facts.
All right. Orange Lounge Radio. All one word on Skype if you want to get through.
I'm assuming the stream is operational right now. I have no idea.
Any last minute stories from anyone here in the studio?
No.
No? All right.
I ain't got shit.
Well, quickly, since we are going to be on a break for the live folks anyway, we'll be on a break for three weeks.
Any games you're looking forward to playing in the next two weeks?
No.
Loki, how is there no Ready Player One game?
They have like some VR experiences and stuff.
The reason that I don't think there's a Ready Player One game per se is that, you know, with much like the licensing that they had to do for the movie,
they'd have to do that type of licensing for a game and good luck with that.
So we're talking about things that are long gone.
SGA 100 Matt mentioned something about Orange County.
But when I first read that, I thought it said Orange Julius.
I don't know if that was just like my mall brain taking over.
Is Orange Julius still a thing?
Yes.
Are they really?
It's DQ and Orange Julius are together.
Oh.
So if I go to Dairy Queen, I can get Orange Julius.
I don't know about that, but I know that they have one.
I know the Galleria has one because I always get Orange Julius there.
Really?
They still have one at Sunrise Mall.
Oh, well I never go there.
So, but yeah, they're around.
Unless I go to Red Robin.
So they've got, yeah, I always get Orange Julius. I fucking love that shit.
If I find out that they have Orange Julius at the Dairy Queen near me, I'm fucking going there too.
So I love that shit.
I love it.
I know, that's what I'm going to, what are you going to miss the most if malls go under? Orange Julius.
Mrs. Fields.
Yes. Oh my God. Mrs. Fields and TCBY.
You know what though? Keep in mind when I grew up with TCBY, they were always standalone. They weren't inside of a mall.
Oh.
And I worked at a cookie shop. It was one of my first jobs.
Really? See, okay. I know I have to have told this story on OLR before, but I'm going to tell it again.
So when I was in college, myself and my roommate who I lived with at the time, who was also a gay guy,
we used to have the biggest crush on the guy that worked at Mrs. Fields, who was the cookie boy.
So we all called him the cookie boy. He was the cookie boy.
And then the cookie boy, but sometimes we would go and we would like, you know, go to get cookies and stuff and we'd go, I'm the cookie boy.
And, uh, but then sometimes like we'd look over and he's talking to one of the yogurt gals that worked at the TCBY.
I was connected to it. So it was the cookie boy and the yogurt wenches.
So sometimes we walk away.
Were you creating your own fan fiction in your head?
Yes. Yes. We were creating TCBY fan fiction.
We were shipping malls.
Early shipping.
We were shipping.
True story.
But where will kids go if they can't be dropped off at the mall?
A true story. My first job in that mall that I had three different jobs in was working at the cookie place.
And then I started working at the arcade next door. It was actually on the other side of the movie theater because we, we sandwiched the movie theater.
And I worked there for a long time, moved to cyber station, came back to Aladdin's castle and then got hired at an herb kiosk in the middle of the mall.
I worked in that mall for like four years.
I missed all those retail adventures.
Or three years, something like that.
I mean, there's a hot topic in the, the, um, outlet mall that we have, but.
And they usually have the sales there too.
Where's, where would hot topic go?
My, my one and only, my one and only retail job I ever had was I worked for a local video chain called Plaster TV Video.
They don't exist anymore, but they were obviously VA chess rental and they didn't get on the DVD bandwagon until way too late.
That's what did them in. Um, and also, uh, they rented Nintendo games.
They never bothered to upgrade to Super Nintendo or Genesis.
They still just would rent the same fucking Nintendo games.
And the thing that really kept them in business, all the movies on the top shelf, porn.
So we rented, we rented porn.
Well, my first retail job here and my only retail job here was GNC until I got held up at gunpoint.
Oh yeah. You told me about that. Oh my God.
And the funny thing about that night.
That was right after I, that was right before I met you.
Yeah, but it was also, it was around Christmas.
Yeah.
And this guy was hitting GNCs.
The thing is you don't hold up an artist who has a mostly visual memory because I ended up drawing the guy and drawing his gun.
Wow.
And they caught him from my drawing.
They didn't have video at least?
Not in that, they're cheap.
It was, it was the one over on trucks next to the Walmart.
Well, that must be why they were hitting GNCs because they knew their security.
They also hit sunrise mall too.
Okay. Even our crappy little video store had video.
Oh, I mean.
But now thing number two, thing number two, that same night I was of course shaken after the fact Dan took me to Toys R Us at Arden Fair Mall.
I found a $20 bill in the dry, in the parking lot and I bought myself my Togepi plushie, my big Togepi pillow.
So it's gaming related and related to our stories tonight.
So just because a show I will ever associate being held up at gunpoint at GNC with Toys R Us.
And Pokemon.
And, and Togepi in particular.
All right. Well, uh, the skyline isn't lighting up, but I know it's been rough with the live crowd tonight.
So again, I really appreciate you guys that stuck with us tonight through the ups and downs of the show.
It's a little bit embarrassing, but I also know it's just completely out of our control.
But for those of you listening on the podcast or catching up on the podcast as the case may be, thank you for being here.
We will be off next week.
Believe it or not, it's our first week off all year long.
So yeah, I think we earned a week off.
So we won't be here.
Happy gaming next week.
We will be back live in three weeks.
We'll be back on the podcast feed in two weeks with a brand new Orange Launch Radio.
Stay tuned to our Twitter for all the latest or if you have a quick question you want to ask us.
I know I don't always read the tweets on the show, but I watch the Twitter.
And if you have a question, I'll answer it as long as it's not, why are you such an asshole?
I'm not going to, I don't have an answer for that.
So, uh, but if you have questions about schedule or whatever, I can answer those.
So as I always say here at Orange Launch Radio, if you enjoyed the show, skips and all, uh, please consider telling a friend or five about the show.
Because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but, uh, only if the voices are here to like air out there.
So, uh, uh, yeah, uh, please help us spread the word and a nice five star review on a site like iTunes or Google Play or wherever it is you found this show.
Those five star reviews, let me tell you, they go a long way.
And I don't even, have we even had a five star review this year on iTunes?
I think you should go be the first. Go do it right now at iTunes.
Leave a five star review. I'd appreciate it.
Uh, that about does it, but not until we get the final, final thoughts leading into this, uh, three week live break. Uh, Loki, your final thought?
My final thought is I'm glad to be working on a new game finally and working on a game.
So that's, yeah, that's been about it.
My final thought is I'm just, I, I am, I continue to be grateful for those of you that stick out these dumb live issues and listen to the show.
And just, even if you have no idea that's going on, cause you're a podcast only person, those, you know, we, we heard from an emailer tonight who thanked us for putting out podcasts for so long.
Thank you for being here to listen to it. Like, seriously, like I, I can't tell you how much I appreciate it.
And it's, it's just the motivation for us to keep going week after week.
So, I mean, if we're going to be gone for three weeks, that's the note I want to leave on.
Uh, Dark Soccer, last but not, ladies last.
My cat is better than most humans.
Co-signed.
Yes.
Uh, well, go love your pets, your, uh, kitties and your puppies or your ferrets or whatever kind of pet you have.
And, uh, play some video games and we will be back here in 7, 14, 21 days to do it all over again.
Have a great night, everybody. Goodbye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
You